
 
 
 
Corporate results:

Logitech: quarterly sales fall by 22% to $1.27bn.
Swatch Group: operating profit 2022 reaches CHF 1.16bn, slightly less than expected.
General Electric warned Tuesday of lower-than-expected adjusted earnings for 2023, as the group continues to be hurt by difficulties at its renewable energy division. General Electric shares were down 1% in pre-market trading.
Johnson & Johnson said Tuesday it expects higher-than-expected annual profit for 2023, as the pharmaceutical company expects solid demand for its products and a recovery in its medical equipment business.
Verizon Communications lost more than 2% in pre-market trading as the telecom operator's annual profit forecast missed market expectations as mobile subscriber growth slowed and heavy investments in 5G technology were made.
Lockheed Martin - The U.S. defense group reported better-than-expected quarterly results Tuesday but forecast lower-than-expected 2023 profit, hurt by supply issues and higher costs.
Aerospace and defense specialist Raytheon Technologies reported a fourth-quarter profit above expectations, helped by strong demand for its jet engines, parts and services
Halliburton reported better-than-expected fourth-quarter results Tuesday as high oil prices supported its drilling business and demand for drilling equipment and services.

 
In other news:

Ford wants to cut up to 3,200 jobs in Europe, according to IG Metall.
The U.S. Department of Justice is close to charging Google with abuse of dominance in the online advertising market, according to Bloomberg.
Xylem will buy Evoqua in a $7.5 billion all-stock deal.
Sandoz (Novartis) plans to buy the rights to Mycamine from Astellas.
Holcim buys fiberglass business in the US.
Musk assures in court that he had the funding to take Tesla off the stock market in 2018.
Intel appoints Frank Yeary as chairman of the board.
3M - The industrial conglomerate said it will cut 2,500 jobs after reporting a drop in quarterly profit, hurt by a charge related to the discontinuation of perfluoroalkyl substances production and slowing demand that weighed on its revenue.
AmerisourceBergen pharmaceutical group plans to rebrand itself as Cencora as part of its international expansion beyond drug distribution.
Intel announced Monday the resignation of its president Omar Ishrak and the appointment of Frank Yeary to replace him.
Ford is expected to decide by mid-February how many jobs will be cut in Europe, a spokesman for German union IG Metall said Tuesday.
Capri - The U.S. luxury group on Monday named Cedric Wilmotte as chief executive of the Michael Kors brand.
Blackstone is in discussions to sell about half of its stake in India's largest real estate investment trust Embassy Office Parks to Bain Capital, sources said, in a deal worth up to $480 million. In addition, JP Morgan is raising its recommendation to "overweight" from "neutral."

Main earnings reports today: Microsoft, Johnson & Johnson, Danaher, Verizon, Texas Instruments, Raytheon, General Electric, Nidec, Samsung SDI, Eiffage... All the agenda is here.
