

CHARLOTTE, N.C., Feb. 13, 2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Honeywell (NASDAQ: HON) today announced that the next installment of its live leadership webcast series for investors will feature a conversation with Honeywell's Anne Madden, senior vice president and general counsel, Suresh Venkatarayalu, senior vice president and chief technology and innovation officer, Evan van Hook, chief sustainability officer, and Gavin Towler, chief technology officer of Performance Materials and Technologies. The discussion will be hosted by Bank of America's Savita Subramanian, head of global ESG research and head of U.S. equity and quantitative strategy, and Andrew Obin, managing director and multi-industry senior analyst, on Monday, March 6, 2023, from 10:00 a.m. - 10:45 a.m. EST.







Webcast Details 
A live webcast of the presentation and any related presentation materials will be available through the Investor Relations section of the company's website (www.honeywell.com/investor). A replay of the webcast will be available for 30 days following the presentation.
Honeywell (www.honeywell.com) delivers industry-specific solutions that include aerospace products and services; control technologies for buildings and industry; and performance materials globally. Our technologies help aircraft, buildings, manufacturing plants, supply chains, and workers become more connected to make our world smarter, safer, and more sustainable. For more news and information on Honeywell, please visit www.honeywell.com/newsroom.
Honeywell uses our Investor Relations website, www.honeywell.com/investor, as a means of disclosing information which may be of interest or material to our investors and for complying with disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor our Investor Relations website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls, webcasts, and social media.
Contacts: 
Media  
Investor Relations
Bevin Maguire 
Sean Meakim
(704) 654-7023 
(704) 627-6200
bevin.maguire@honeywell.com  
sean.meakim@honeywell.com
 


 View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/honeywell-to-host-leadership-webcast-for-investors-on-decarbonization-301745071.html
SOURCE  Honeywell


