

ATLANTA - March 9, 2023 - Honeywell (Nasdaq: HON) today announced a new collaboration with Marriott International to improve in-room comfort and control for guests who stay at hotels across Marriott Bonvoy's portfolio of extraordinary hotel brands. Together, Honeywell and the Marriott Design Lab will explore opportunities to test and deploy personalized and innovative guestroom control offerings building on the Honeywell INNCOM product suite that features leading guestroom automation, energy management and operational efficiency offerings.
    

      The effort will take a guest-centric approach to create better experiences. Honeywell will work with the Marriott Design Lab to explore how a guest's interactions with technology can affect mood and energy, anticipate a guest's desires to offer them a proactive solution, and create a guestroom experience that is more accessible, inclusive and delightful.


      "Technology can help create a more intuitive in-room experience for guests. Imagine arriving to your hotel room after a long day of travel and it's already adjusted to your preferred settings - from temperature, lighting and even the drapes," said Steve Kenny, vice president and general manager of building management systems, Honeywell Building Technologies. "Together with Marriott, we have an opportunity to create a next generation guest experience that is intuitive, engaging and authentic. We want travelers to feel like they are not just staying somewhere but have a personalized experience."


      "We're looking to exceed our guests' expectations from arrival to checkout. The guestroom experience and comfort play a significant part of that equation," said Jeff Voris, senior vice president, global design strategies, Marriott International. "Our work with Honeywell will help us provide guests with more customized control in the guestroom that best suits their needs while providing our operators better insight into system performance metrics."


      The Marriott Design Lab is a research and development hub working at the leading edge of design and innovation. The Lab, located at Marriott's new headquarters, provides a proving ground for technology products and services that can be integrated into daily hotel operations to save energy, reduce costs, increase operational efficiency and encourage customer loyalty through enhanced experiences. The Honeywell collaboration exemplifies how Marriott is working with industry leaders to explore new products, technologies and solutions for the hospitality industry.


      The Honeywell INNCOM guestroom automation and energy management software and hardware solutions are designed to help hoteliers enhance guests' experiences by providing proactive analytics that can help hoteliers identify and resolve issues before they affect guests.


About Honeywell Building Technologies


Honeywell Building Technologies (HBT) is transforming the way every building operates to help improve the quality of life. We are a leading building controls company with operations in more than 75 countries supported by a global channel partner network. Commercial building owners and operators use our hardware, software and analytics to help create safer, more sustainable and productive facilities. Our solutions and services are used in more than 10 million buildings worldwide.
    

About Honeywell


      Honeywell (www.honeywell.com) delivers industry specific solutions that include aerospace products and services; control technologies for buildings and industry; and performance materials globally. Our technologies help aircraft, buildings, manufacturing plants, supply chains, and workers become more connected to make our world smarter, safer, and more sustainable. For more news and information on Honeywell, please visitwww.honeywell.com/newsroom.
    

About Marriott International


      Marriott International, Inc., (NASDAQ: MAR) is based in Bethesda, Maryland, USA, and encompasses a portfolio of nearly 8,200 properties under 30 leading brands spanning 138 countries and territories. Marriott operates and franchises hotels and licenses vacation ownership resorts all around the world. The company offers Marriott Bonvoy®, its highly awarded travel program. For more information, please visit our website at www.Marriott.com, and for the latest company news, visit www.MarriottNewscenter.com. In addition, connect with us on Facebook and @MarriottIntl on Twitter and Instagram.
    
Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
Honeywell International Inc. published this content on 09 March 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 09 March 2023 13:04:09 UTC.
      

