
Fiserv, Inc. (NASDAQ: FISV), a leading global provider of payments and financial services technology solutions, today announced executive leadership changes that will further advance the company’s growth strategy. Jennifer Manchester, formerly Co-General Counsel, has been named Chief Human Resources Officer, Katia Karpova, formerly Chief Financial Officer for EMEA, has been named Head of EMEA Region, John Gibbons, formerly Head of EMEA Region, has been named Co-Head of Banking, and Eric Nelson, formerly Co-General Counsel, has been named General Counsel for Fiserv.

“These changes reflect our deep bench of leadership and the strength of our talent development strategy,” said Frank Bisignano, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Fiserv. “As we continue to execute on our strategic priorities and plans for growth, the depth of expertise and experience each of these leaders brings to their new role will continue to advance our progress.”

Jennifer Manchester will succeed Anthony S. Marino as Chief Human Resources Officer as he moves into a senior advisory role with Fiserv. Manchester has served as Senior Vice President and Co-General Counsel for Fiserv since March 2021. Before joining Fiserv in 2015, she spent 11 years at The Dow Chemical Company where she held several leadership roles, including General Counsel and Secretary of a $5 billion subsidiary. In her new role, Manchester will become a member of the Management Committee.

Katia Karpova joined Fiserv in 2019 as Chief Financial Officer of its EMEA Region. Previously, she was Executive Director at JPMorgan where she was Head of Client Service and Implementations, Treasury Services, EMEA. Karpova will become a member of the Management Committee and succeeds John Gibbons, who will take on a new role as Co-Head of Banking for Fiserv.

John Gibbons joined Fiserv in December 2018 as head of its EMEA region. His background in financial services includes leading Global Transaction Banking for Deutsche Bank, serving as Regional Executive for EMEA at JPMorgan, and serving as JPMorgan’s Global Head of Banks and Broker Dealers for Treasury Services. Gibbons will remain a member of the Management Committee. He succeeds Todd Horvath as Co-Head of the company’s Banking business, as Horvath departs Fiserv to pursue a new opportunity.

Eric Nelson has been named General Counsel for Fiserv. Nelson has served as Senior Vice President and Co-General Counsel since March 2021. In his new role, Nelson will oversee all aspects of the company’s legal function, supporting the Board of Directors, corporate governance, corporate development, litigation, and company business units. Nelson joined Fiserv in 2006. Prior to joining the company, he was at the law firm Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP.

About Fiserv

Fiserv, Inc. (NASDAQ: FISV) aspires to move money and information in a way that moves the world. As a global leader in payments and financial technology, the company helps clients achieve best-in-class results through a commitment to innovation and excellence in areas including account processing and digital banking solutions; card issuer processing and network services; payments; e-commerce; merchant acquiring and processing; and the Clover® cloud-based point-of-sale and business management platform. Fiserv is a member of the S&P 500® Index and one of Fortune® World’s Most Admired Companies™. Visit fiserv.com and follow on social media for more information and the latest company news.

FISV-G
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230314005567/en/