

Sneak Peak  HERE


Photos  HERE


      28-year-old Parker Schnabel opened a new mine in Alaska during the current season of Gold Rush  and it was a complete washout. And with his land lease running out in the Yukon, Parker is desperate to find a new path - and redemption - as he travels thousands of miles to South America and the most extreme jungle and mountain goldmines on the planet to try to recover 100 million dollars in gold hidden in the ground. Can Parker finally turn the tide and expand his golden empire? An all-new season of Gold Rush: Parker's Trail premieres Friday, April 7 at 9PM ET/PT.  
    

      In the season premiere, Parker, and his crew - Tyler Mahoney, Danny Etheridge and Dr. Diego Lazarzaburu - arrive in Peru to follow in the footsteps of the legendary Incas as they chase down historical leads and battle the jungle in their hunt to mine virgin ground. As Parker looks to partner up or mine alongside the world's toughest gold miners, he and his crew must first traverse inhospitable terrain and cross raging rivers. En route, the crew works with a gold miner who shares mining strategies passed down by the Incas, in addition to a mining family who share key insight on how they've mined their land across multiple generations. While they have a promising start, a flood of biblical proportions threatens to leave Parker and the crew stranded. 
    

      Additional stories this season in Gold Rush: Parker's Trail  include a prospect in Madre Di Dios, one of the richest gold districts in the amazon jungle; mining with the indigenous Harakmbut tribe; a trek to Peru's La Rinconada, the highest town and gold mine on earth at 17,000 feet above sea level; blasting out gold in unventilated tunnels with hand lit explosives; and in a mid-season twist, Parker discovers a modern day gold rush in Bolivia, before he prospects in the footsteps of Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid in the high deserts. But as Parker gets the chance to make a deal on a piece of ground to mine, will a medical emergency signal an early end to his South American hunt for gold and redemption? 
    

Gold Rush: Parker's Trail fans can join the conversation on social media by using the hashtag #GoldRush and following Gold Rush on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.
    

Gold Rush: Parker's Trail is produced for Discovery by Raw Television.
    

About Discovery Channel


      Discovery Channel is dedicated to creating the highest quality non-fiction content that informs and entertains its consumers about the world in all its wonder, diversity and amazement. The network, which is distributed to 100.8 million U.S. homes, can be seen in 224 countries and territories, offering a signature mix of compelling, high-end production values and vivid cinematography across genres including, science and technology, exploration, adventure, history and in-depth, behind-the-scenes glimpses at the people, places and organizations that shape and share our world. For more information, please visit www.discovery.com.
    

Press Contacts:


      Paul Schur
    

      Paul_Schur@discovery.com
    

      Marina Beck
    

      Marina.Beck@warnermedia.com
    
Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
Warner Bros Discovery Inc. published this content on 06 March 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 06 March 2023 17:14:05 UTC.
      

