
 
 
Corporate results:
Adecco: Last quarter 2022 results show revenue growth but profitability decline. Alcon: On the sidelines of its 2022 results, the group announced that it is targeting $9.2-9.4bn in revenues and a base margin of 19.5-20.5% this year. Bayer: The German chemical company expects 2023 Ebitda of between €12.5bn and €13bn, slightly below consensus expectations. Grifols: 2022 net profit increased by 10% to €208m. Ocado: Distribution revenue down 3.8% in 2022 to GBp 2.2bn . Zoom Video Communications: The stock gained 7% out of session after the release of quarterly results. Chevron on Tuesday raised its share buyback target to between $10 billion and $20 billion a year and confirmed its production forecast, up more than 3% a year by 2027. The oil giant was up 1.3% in pre-market trading. Target gained more than 2% in premarket trading after posting unexpected sales growth in the last three months of 2022, with the retailer pointing to the effect of promotions in its North American stores.
In other news:
Nexi takes over Banco de Sabadell 's merchant payments business for €350m, at the expense of Worldline. Baytex Energy is closing in on a $2.5 billion deal to buy Ranger Oil. Altria is in talks to buy NJOY for $2.8 billion and plans to sell its stake in Juul, according to the Wall Street Journal. Tesla is suspending the rollout of its FSD Beta driver assistance software. Shell has considered moving from Europe to the U.S., according to the Financial Times. Banco Santander launches a €921 million share buyback program. Palantir is cutting about 2% of its workforce. Lockheed Martin hopes to deliver more F-35s to Australia. AMC Entertainment recovers after court sets preliminary hearing on preferred stock conversion for April. Robinhood Markets announced Monday that it has received a subpoena in December from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the U.S. securities regulator, regarding trading in cryptocurrencies. Oaktree Capital plans to raise $10 billion for a new fund to finance major acquisitions in private equity, the Financial Times reported Tuesday, citing a letter to clients of the U.S. asset manager. Biogen - The U.S. biotech company and its Japanese partner Eisai announced Tuesday that Chinese authorities had granted priority review status to their Alzheimer's disease treatment Lecanemab. Today's top earnings reports: Target, Bank of Montreal, Monster Beverage, Bayer, Alcon, HP Inc, ASM International, Moncler, Grifols... 
 
