BARCELONAHighlights:*Companies achieve world's first showcase of 5 Component Carrier 5G sub-6 GHz Carrier Aggregation (5CC CA) data transmission delivering data rates above 4Gbps.*Trial utilized a 5G Standalone network with 5CC CA running on Nokia's commercial 5G AirScale base station with a mobile test device powered by the new Snapdragon® X75 Modem-RF System.*5CC CA enables mobile operators to deliver faster speeds and superior coverage.Nokia, Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. and T-Mobile, today announced that they have achieved a world's first showcase of successfully aggregating 5G Standalone (5G SA) spectrum using 5 Components Carrier (5CC) aggregation in sub-6 GHz spectrum. The successful trial aggregated 2 FDD and 3 TDD carriers resulting in peak downlink throughput speeds exceeding 4.2Gbps. 5G Carrier Aggregation with 5CC allows mobile operators to deliver higher data rates, more reliable connections and better coverage to even more customers. The companies are industry leaders in Carrier Aggregation technology.The 5CC CA call was conducted on Nokia's AirScale base station and a mobile test device powered by the new Snapdragon X75 5G Modem-RF System, the world's first modem-RF solution to support 5G 5x carrier aggregation. During the test five component carriers on FDD bands n71 (600MHz) and n25 (1900MHz) and TDD bands n41 (2.5GHz) and n77 (3.7GHz) were aggregated. The uplink data rates were also accelerated with 5G uplink Carrier Aggregation on bands n25 and n77. The combination of uplink and downlink carrier aggregation allows operators to keep the uplink and downlink data rates in balance.By aggregating carriers with 5CC, mobile network operators have more options to take advantage of their spectrum and network assets for superior user experience. With ongoing subscriber migration to 5G, network operators can tap into an increasing pool of 5G FDD frequency carriers and combine these with the bandwidth of multiple mid-band (TDD) carriers. 5CC CA unlocks this potential without compromising on coverage or capacity.Mobile World Congress 2023At MWC 2023, Nokia is showcasing its latest high-performance, high-capacity AirScale products and services portfolio including CA at its stand in Hall 3. Guests will be invited to take different journeys covering different focus areas across Nokia's comprehensive portfolio including Radio Leadership, Performance Innovation, Energy Efficiency, Operational Efficiency and Cloud RAN. Qualcomm Technologies will be showcasing the capability as part of a Snapdragon X75 video demonstration at its booth (Hall 3, 3E10)."With Snapdragon X75, we enable the next generation of 5G smartphones and beyond to fuel the Connected Intelligent Edge," said Sunil Patil, vice president product management, Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. "This world's first 5 Component Carrier 5G Carrier Aggregation call on sub-6 GHz spectrum showcases the power of our modem-RF technology and underlines the power of our collaboration with Nokia to advance the 5G ecosystem.""We continue to work with industry leaders like Nokia and Qualcomm Technologies to bring America's largest, fastest, and most reliable 5G network to the next level," said Karri Kuoppamaki, SVP of Network Technology Development and Strategy, T-Mobile. These successful tests pave the way for even faster speeds so customers can unleash the full potential of their 5G devices. Innovation is at the heart of everything we do at T-Mobile and we make sure that our customers are always first to get the very best the industry has to offer.""Advanced mobile network operators are transitioning quickly to 5G SA. Multi-component carrier aggregation propels 5G SA data rates to Multi-Gigabit levels," said Mark Atkinson, senior vice president, Radio Access Networks PLM, Nokia. "With 5 Component Carrier 5G Carrier Aggregation software we enable our AirScale customers to provide highest 5G data rates at more locations to their subscribers. With this successful 5CC CA test we once again highlight our leadership position in providing the technologies that support mobile operators in maximizing radio network and pushing them to the forefront of 5G."For more information visit the Nokia and Qualcomm booths at Mobile World Congress 2023 #MWC23 or visit www.nokia.com/mwc or https://www.qualcomm.com/company/events/mwc-barcelonaAbout NokiaAt Nokia, we create technology that helps the world act together. As a trusted partner for critical networks, we are committed to innovation and technology leadership across mobile, fixed and cloud networks. We create value with intellectual property and long-term research, led by the award-winning Nokia Bell Labs.Adhering to high standards of integrity and security, we help build the capabilities needed for a more productive, sustainable and inclusive world.About QualcommQualcomm is enabling a world where everyone and everything can be intelligently connected. Our one technology roadmap allows us to efficiently scale the technologies that launched the mobile revolution - including advanced connectivity, high-performance, low-power compute, on-device intelligence and more - to the next generation of connected smart devices across industries. Innovations from Qualcomm and our family of Snapdragon platforms will help enable cloud-edge convergence, transform industries, accelerate the digital economy, and revolutionize how we experience the world, for the greater good.Qualcomm Incorporated includes our licensing business, QTL, and the vast majority of our patent portfolio. Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated, operates, along with its subsidiaries, substantially all of our engineering, research and development functions, and substantially all of our products and services businesses, including our QCT semiconductor business. Snapdragon and Qualcomm branded products are products of Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries. Qualcomm patented technologies are licensed by Qualcomm Incorporated.About T-MobileT-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: TMUS) is America's supercharged Un-carrier, delivering an advanced 4G LTE and transformative nationwide 5G network that will offer reliable connectivity for all. T-Mobile's customers benefit from its unmatched combination of value and quality, unwavering obsession with offering them the best possible service experience and undisputable drive for disruption that creates competition and innovation in wireless and beyond. Based in Bellevue, Wash., T-Mobile provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile, Metro by T-Mobile and Sprint.For more information please visit: https://www.t-mobile.com Qualcomm contacts:.(C) 2023 M2 COMMUNICATIONS, source M2 PressWIRE