


VIZIO Smart TV users can now access the SXM App and stream more than 13,000 pieces of SiriusXM Video content, plus hundreds of channels, ad-free music, podcasts, sports talk, entertainment, comedy, news and more


Eligible VIZIO customers can receive 3 months free of SiriusXM


NEW YORK - January 19, 2023 - SiriusXM announced today that the SXM App, which delivers more than 425 SiriusXM channels of the best in audio entertainment, is now available on VIZIO (NYSE: VZIO) Smart TVs, offering a new way to experience SiriusXM's exceptionally wide range of programming at home.
      

        With the SXM App, millions of VIZIO Smart TV users can stream Howard Stern's two exclusive channels, the new original comedy channel, Team Coco Radio executive produced by Conan O'Brien, more than 330 channels of ad-free music from virtually every musical genre, plus podcasts, live sports and sports talk, entertainment, news, comedy and more.
      

        The SXM App experience on VIZIO platforms also includes access to SiriusXM's expansive video library. SiriusXM Video offers more than 13,000 pieces of video content, including must-see moments and interviews from The Howard Stern Show, exclusive music performances, plus shows, interviews and clips from across the SiriusXM programming lineup.
      

         Eligible VIZIO users can subscribe at SiriusXM.com/VIZIO and receive their first 3 months free of the SiriusXM Streaming Platinum plan. Terms apply.
      

        Existing SiriusXM customers can sign in with their credentials and start enjoying SiriusXM content on their VIZIO Smart TVs now.
      


VIZIO Smart TV users can now access the SXM App and stream more than 13,000 pieces of SiriusXM Video content, plus hundreds of channels, ad-free music, podcasts, sports talk, entertainment and more


        "For millions of consumers, VIZIO Smart TVs are the entertainment centers of their homes, and we are pleased to now provide those customers with the SXM App and access to our full lineup of content," said Joe Verbrugge, Chief Commercial Officer, SiriusXM. "VIZIO's products deliver an outstanding user experience and are an excellent platform for experiencing the great programming that our subscribers love. Whether it's music, podcasts, sports, entertainment programming or all of the above, the SXM App on VIZIO Smart TVs brings everyone's favorite content into the home."
      

        "VIZIO users can now access their favorite on-the-go programs directly on the biggest screen in their homes," said Katherine Pond, Group Vice President, Platform Content & Partnerships at VIZIO. "From podcasts to music, we are happy to bring SiriusXM's audio and video entertainment to millions of VIZIO users across the U.S."
      

        SiriusXM's music channels are expertly curated and deliver an exceptionally wide array of audio choices for listeners. Covering every genre across many decades, channels feature popular tracks and deep cuts from popular artists, as well as introduce listeners to new and emerging musicians and bands. Artist-branded channels from Hall of Fame and iconic talent feature exclusive content that can't be heard anywhere else. SiriusXM's concept-based channels such as Road Trip Radio and Yacht Rock Radio, or its many activity and mood-based channels, are designed to deliver a more personalized music experience that fits the moment.
      

        Subscribers can also create their own personalized Pandora Stations within the SXM App that utilize Pandora's listener personalization technology. Users create these stations based on their favorite artists and can thumbs up, thumbs down or skip songs to give them more control over what they'll hear on that channel.
      

        SiriusXM offers the most extensive lineup of professional and college sports in audio; news from around the country and the world from many sources and political perspectives; the scoop on the latest from the world of entertainment; hours of stand-up by the funniest comics; and more.
      

        Listeners can also access a wide-ranging and expanding collection of acclaimed and award-winning podcasts on the SXM App, including Conan O'Brien Needs a Friend, Comedy Gold Minds with Kevin Hart, Office Ladies, 99% Invisible, Freakonomics Radio, Pod Save America, series from Marvel Entertainment, and much more. 
      

        SiriusXM will also deliver personalized recommendations to users based on their listening history so they can easily find the programming that they like best from across SiriusXM's many channels. 
      

        For more on all the programming available on SiriusXM, go to SiriusXM.com.
      

        ###
      

About VIZIO
Founded and headquartered in Orange County, California, our mission at VIZIO Holding Corp. (NYSE: VZIO) is to deliver immersive entertainment and compelling lifestyle enhancements that make our products the center of the connected home. We are driving the future of televisions through our integrated platform of cutting-edge Smart TVs and powerful operating system. We also offer a portfolio of innovative sound bars that deliver consumers an elevated audio experience. Our platform gives content providers more ways to distribute their content and advertisers more tools to connect with the right audience.
      

        For more information, visit VIZIO.com and follow VIZIO on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.
      

About Sirius XM Holdings Inc.
SiriusXM is the leading audio entertainment company in North America with a portfolio of audio businesses including its flagship subscription entertainment service SiriusXM; the ad-supported and premium music streaming services of Pandora; an expansive podcast network; and a suite of business and advertising solutions. Reaching a combined monthly audience of approximately 150 million listeners, SiriusXM offers a broad range of content for listeners everywhere they tune in with a diverse mix of live, on-demand, and curated programming across music, talk, news, and sports. For more about SiriusXM, please go to: www.siriusxm.com.
      

This communication contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results, our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions with respect to future operations, products and services; and other statements identified by words such as "will likely result," "are expected to," "will continue," "is anticipated," "estimated," "believe," "intend," "plan," "projection," "outlook" or words of similar meaning. Such forward-looking statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of our management and are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond our control. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements.


The following factors, among others, could cause actual results and the timing of events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements:  we have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by supply chain issues as a result of the global semiconductor supply shortage; we face substantial competition and that competition is likely to increase over time; if our efforts to attract and retain subscribers and listeners, or convert listeners into subscribers, are not successful, our business will be adversely affected; we engage in extensive marketing efforts and the continued effectiveness of those efforts is an important part of our business; we rely on third parties for the operation of our business, and the failure of third parties to perform could adversely affect our business; we may not realize the benefits of acquisitions and other strategic investments and initiatives; the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has introduced significant uncertainty to our business;  a substantial number of our Sirius XM service subscribers periodically cancel their subscriptions and we cannot predict how successful we will be at retaining customers; our ability to profitably attract and retain subscribers to our Sirius XM service as our marketing efforts reach more price-sensitive consumers is uncertain; our business depends in part on the auto industry; failure of our satellites would significantly damage our business; our Sirius XM service may experience harmful interference from wireless operations; our Pandora ad-supported business has suffered a substantial and consistent loss of monthly active users, which may adversely affect our Pandora business; our failure to convince advertisers of the benefits of our Pandora ad-supported service could harm our business; if we are unable to maintain revenue growth from our advertising products our results of operations will be adversely affected; changes in mobile operating systems and browsers may hinder our ability to sell advertising and market our services; if we fail to accurately predict and play music, comedy or other content that our Pandora listeners enjoy, we may fail to retain existing and attract new listeners; privacy and data security laws and regulations may hinder our ability to market our services, sell advertising and impose legal liabilities; consumer protection laws and our failure to comply with them could damage our business; failure to comply with FCC requirements could damage our business; if we fail to protect the security of personal information about our customers, we could be subject to costly government enforcement actions and private litigation and our reputation could suffer; interruption or failure of our information technology and communications systems could impair the delivery of our service and harm our business; the market for music rights is changing and is subject to significant uncertainties; our Pandora services depend upon maintaining complex licenses with copyright owners, and these licenses contain onerous terms; the rates we must pay for "mechanical rights" to use musical works on our Pandora service have increased substantially and these new rates may adversely affect our business; failure to protect our intellectual property or actions by third parties to enforce their intellectual property rights could substantially harm our business and operating results; some of our services and technologies may use "open source" software, which may restrict how we use or distribute our services or require that we release the source code subject to those licenses; rapid technological and industry changes and new entrants could adversely impact our services; we have a significant amount of indebtedness, and our debt contains certain covenants that restrict our operations; we are a "controlled company" within the meaning of the NASDAQ listing rules and, as a result, qualify for, and rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements; while we currently pay a quarterly cash dividend to holders of our common stock, we may change our dividend policy at any time; our principal stockholder has significant influence, including over actions requiring stockholder approval, and its interests may differ from the interests of other holders of our common stock; if we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, our business could be harmed; our facilities could be damaged by natural catastrophes or terrorist activities; the unfavorable outcome of pending or future litigation could have an adverse impact on our operations and financial condition; we may be exposed to liabilities that other entertainment service providers would not customarily be subject to; and our business and prospects depend on the strength of our brands. Additional factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022, which are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and available at the SEC's Internet site (http://www.sec.gov). The information set forth herein speaks only as of the date hereof, and we disclaim any intention or obligation to update any forward looking statements as a result of developments occurring after the date of this communication.


Source: SiriusXM


Media contacts:
Andrew FitzPatrick
        SiriusXM
        andrew.fitzpatrick@siriusxm.com
      

        Melissa Hourigan
        Fabric Media
        720-608-1919
        melissa@fabricmedia.net
      

        Released January 19, 2023
      

Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
Sirius XM Holdings Inc. published this content on 19 January 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 19 January 2023 16:10:03 UTC.
      

