BOISE, Idaho, Feb.  01, 2023  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Micron Technology, Inc. (Nasdaq: MU), today announced the appointment of Raj Narasimhan to the role of senior vice president and general manager of its Compute and Networking Business Unit. Narasimhan will be responsible for leading Micron’s largest business, driving advances in memory products focused on high-performance computing, artificial intelligence, and cloud and client computing. He will report to Sumit Sadana, Micron’s executive vice president and chief business officer.“Raj brings a wealth of experience to this role, having built his career at Micron focusing on quality, R&D, manufacturing and product and customer management,” said Sadana. “I look forward to his leadership in growing our compute and networking business, driving our innovative product roadmap, and building on Micron’s capabilities in areas like DDR5 and CXL.”Narasimhan began his career at Micron in 1995 in R&D, before taking on a variety of operational roles, including as the site director of Micron’s Manassas, Virginia, fab. He also held global assignments in Singapore and Japan. Most recently, Narasimhan was Micron’s corporate vice president of Global Quality.Narasimhan earned a master’s degree in electrical engineering from the University of Utah and a bachelor’s degree in electrical and electronics engineering from the University of Madras in India.Narasimhan succeeds Raj Hazra, who joined Micron in June 2020. During his tenure as general manager of Micron’s Compute and Networking Business Unit, Hazra accelerated the company’s leadership in the cloud and data center space, and positioned Micron to lead the industry in DDR5 adoption. Hazra is leaving Micron to pursue a new opportunity as a CEO.About Micron Technology, Inc.We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions transforming how the world uses information to enrich life for all. With a relentless focus on our customers, technology leadership, and manufacturing and operational excellence, Micron delivers a rich portfolio of high-performance DRAM, NAND, and NOR memory and storage products through our Micron® and Crucial® brands. Every day, the innovations that our people create fuel the data economy, enabling advances in artificial intelligence and 5G applications that unleash opportunities — from the data center to the intelligent edge and across the client and mobile user experience. To learn more about Micron Technology, Inc. (Nasdaq: MU), visit micron.com.© 2023 Micron Technology, Inc. All rights reserved. Information, products, and/or specifications are subject to change without notice. Micron, the Micron logo, and all other Micron trademarks are the property of Micron Technology, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.Micron Media Relations ContactErica PompenMicron Technology, Inc.+1 (408) 834-1873epompen@micron.comMicron Investor Relations ContactFarhan Ahmad Micron Technology, Inc. +1 (408) 834-1927farhanahmad@micron.com2023 GlobeNewswire, Inc., source Press Releases