
Visit Analog Devices, Inc. (Nasdaq: ADI) at embedded world 2023 (Nuremberg/Germany, Hall 4A, Booth 360) from March 14-16 to see how our technology is enabling more intelligent systems in Industrial Automation, Intelligent Buildings, Automotive, Sustainable Energy, and Digital Healthcare applications.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230310005102/en/Analog Devices accelerates sustainability with intelligent solutions at embedded world 2023. (Graphic: Business Wire)
Critical applications such as more sustainable industrial automation, smarter mobility, cleaner energy grid, and life-saving healthcare systems increasingly require more advanced, intelligent technology solutions. Addressing this challenge is putting even greater demands on system architects, product managers, and R&D owners, who need hardware, software, and tools that make it easier to get to market quickly.

Demonstrations focused on energy efficiency and edge intelligence in industrial and building automation include:

Automotive and sustainable energy demonstrations include:

Presentations by ADI experts in the technical conferences:

embedded world Conference:

electronic displays Conference:

Visit ADI's embedded world 2023 website for more information on conference presentations and demo details.

About Analog Devices

Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ: ADI) is a global semiconductor leader that bridges the physical and digital worlds to enable breakthroughs at the Intelligent Edge. ADI combines analog, digital, and software technologies into solutions that help drive advancements in digitized factories, mobility, and digital healthcare, combat climate change, and reliably connect humans and the world. With revenue of more than $12 billion in FY22 and approximately 25,000 people globally working alongside 125,000 global customers, ADI ensures today’s innovators stay Ahead of What’s Possible. Learn more at www.analog.com and on LinkedIn and Twitter.

All trademarks and registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230310005102/en/