 Copyright Emerce E-commerce as we know it today is not working. Customers wander through digital warehouses with thousands of products, looking for their best buy. They often do not find it, just look at the conversion rates, said Marja Silvertant of Aiden yesterday at Emerce Retail in Maarssen.Customers who doubt don't buy' is her motto. She wrote a book about it with that title. Silvertant began her presentation by looking back at Jeff Bezos, who started book retailer Amazon in the 1990s. "If you compare his first site to the current one, you actually hardly see any difference. Amazon doesn't even count the number of products offered anymore. If you want headphones you drown in the specifications."Over the past 25 years, we have only brought the products from the store online, not the staff who help us.Physical stores work much better for customers who want orientation. There is always a "Jeroen" to catch the wandering customer and ask about his or her preferences. A digital assistant should be used more often, Silvertant argues. She says a good example is musical instrument retailer Bax, which uses general questions to navigate customers to the right product.Emerce Retail had a practical approach this year. Which opportunities do you seize, which channels do you choose? How do you run a sustainable business that also makes a profit? What is binge marketing and how do you deploy it? How do you tackle your mobile commerce? What can you do as a retailer with web3 and the metaverse?A theme that recurred frequently was sustainability. Florentine Gillis of Circle Closet talked about her sustainable wardrobe, from which customers can rent clothes. Even from top brands that few people can afford. The concept is apparently catching on, because Circle Closet needs to slow down the number of renters. "We are building our own platform to accommodate the growth," he says. A round of angel investors should take the young company to the next level.Zierikzee-based YourSurprise has Web stores in 28 countries and an assortment of more than 2,500 gifts. All gifts are personalized by hand in Zierikzee and the company now delivers 3 million of them annually. It was a bit of a shock when Amazon started Amazon Custom, the same concept as YourSurprise. Think of an item of clothing with a name, a bag with a photo on it or baby toys in a specific color. Personalizing the product is done through the "normal" ordering process. A customer who wants to order a personalized product receives a clear message before ordering that data still needs to be entered.Michiel Kouwenhoven explained that YourSurprise decided to participate anyway, even though it sometimes felt like a battle between a modern David and an impossible Goliath. While the cooperation also offers enormous opportunities and contributes to the international growth strategy. About ten percent of sales come from Amazon, although few customers are crossposted to YourSurprise. "We reach customers through Amazon that we don't reach on our own," he said.The company would like a similar relationship with other marketplaces, "but they don't have a solution for personalized products.Photos Peter Boer. See all photos on © The Content Exchange, source News