Canada Visa From Hong KongHong Kong citizens wishing to stay in Canada for travel, business, transit or medical purposes for up to 90 days must apply for a Hong Kong Citizens Canada Visa. The Hong Kong eTA visa for Canada is not optional but is a mandatory requirement for all Hong Kong citizens traveling to the country for short stays. Before traveling to Canada, the traveler must ensure that the passport is valid for at least three months after the scheduled departure date.Requirements of Canada Visa for Hong Kong citizens  *Valid passport - it is one of the most important documents to apply for an ETA, so verify that your passport has a validation for another 6 months from the date that will be in the Canadian territory. *An e-mail address - enter a valid email address you have access to. There you will receive the ETA in a PDF format. *Means of payment - You can use several payment methods like credit or debit card or even PayPal for your application. Canada Visa Eligibility  * You must be 18 years old to apply for the visa as a lead applicant. *You must have a valid government-issued passport that contains at least one blank page. This page should not be the last page. *Translated and authentic documents *You must have no criminal record or court documents to support this. *You must have sufficient funds to pay the visa application and processing fees. *You will need a completed and signed visa application form. *You must be willing to attend the interviews and submit your bio-metrics. *You must be in be in good health *If necessary, you must agree to a medical examination. *You must be able to show that you have sufficient ties to your home country and that your visit to Canada is temporary. *You must be able to prove that you are not here to work or study. Canada Visa For Dutch CitizensNetherlands citizens do not need a visa to visit Canada. This is because the Netherlands is one of 50 visa-free countries whose citizens can enter Canada simply by presenting their passport at the border. Netherlands citizens are required to apply for a Canada eTA visa to enter Canada for short-term visits for tourism, business, transit or medical purposes.The Canadian eTA for Dutch citizens is easy to apply online. The Electronic Travel Authorization (eTA) was introduced by Canadian authorities in 2015 to more efficiently screen foreign travelers prior to entry. To qualify for an eTA, applicants must meet all eTA requirements for Dutch citizens. One of those requirements is that they have an electronic passport that is machine-readable.The eTA is valid for a period of five years from the date of issue and allows the holder multiple entries into Canada, which is much more convenient than the previous single-entry visa system. Individual visits can last up to six months and are decided by immigration officers at the border and recorded in the visitor's passport. The eTA Canada application form can be completed from the applicant's home or office, eliminating the need for in-person visits.Requirements for Canada Visa for the citizens of Dutch  *Passport - A valid travel document or passport with at least another 6 months of validity from the date of arrival in the Canadian territory. *E-mail address - A valid email address, to receive the Canada eTA in their inbox. *Means of payment - You can use a valid credit or debit card or PayPal account to pay for the Canada eTA. Canada Visa For Portuguese CitizensPortuguese citizens traveling to Canada for up to 180 days do not need a visa to enter the country but must obtain travel authorization in advance. This process has been incredibly easy since 2016 when the Canadian government introduced the Canadian eTA (Electronic Travel Authorization), an electronic visa waiver that allows Portuguese citizens multiple entries for a 6-month stay with each entry during its validity. term for general tourism, business, transit or medical purposes. An eTA visa waiver for Canada eTA from Portugal is valid for a period of 5 years or until the expiry date of the traveler's passport.It allows multiple entries into Canada through any of the country's airports during this period, but not entry into the country through a land or sea border. However, a Portuguese citizen can stay in the country for a maximum of 180 days on each entry. For longer stays, travelers must apply for a different type of Canada visa. The Canadian ETA will be linked to the traveler's Portuguese Passport and is read by electronic immigration machines at the border upon arrival.The eTA Canada for Portuguese citizens was introduced to speed up the process of obtaining a Canada visa waiver from Portugal and can be conveniently applied for by the traveler own home. The ETA application for Portuguese citizens is a simple process and involves completing a Canadian ETA application form online.Requirements for Canada Visa for Portuguese Citizens  *A bio-metric Portuguese passport, valid for at least 6 months from the proposed date of arrival in Canada. *An application form which is completed online, and which includes personal details such as the traveler's full name and date of birth, as well as your Portuguese passport number, date of issue, and date of expiry. *Online payment via credit or debit card is required before the travel authorization approval process can begin. *An email address is required to finalize the application and to receive communication about the eTA's approval Canada Medical VisaCitizens from many countries visit Canada for treatment. And to make it easier for them to obtain a Canadian visa, Canada offers the Canada Medical Visa. Today we are going to talk about the Canadian Medical Visa, its requirements and the process.Features Of Canada Medical Visa:  *Canada medical visa holders can stay in Canada for up to 60 days. *You can enter the country three times during the 60-day validity period. However, you can apply for an e-Visa if more than three visits are required. *You can apply for a medical visa three times a year. *Only patients can obtain medical visas. The patient's friends and family cannot enter Canada on a medical visa. However, you can apply for a Physician Assistant Visa. Things You Should Know Before You Apply For Canada Medical Visa:  *The Canada medical visa is only for patients who wish to receive medical treatment in Canada. *You need a letter from the hospital in Canada where you wish to be treated. If you do not have a letter, your application may be rejected. *eVisa must carry two blank pages during the visit to allow the immigration officer to stamp the paper at the point of entry. *You must have sufficient funds for treatment and stay. Officials may ask for proof that you have sufficient funds. *The visa must be applied for 4 to 6 days before departure. *Your passport must be an ordinary passport, not a diplomatic or service passport. *Do not stay longer than 60 days on a medical visa. If you need to stay longer than 60 days, you must first return to your country and then reapply for the visa. As I mentioned earlier, you can apply for a medical visa three times a year. *Take your passport with you along with your visa when you travel to Canada. Media ContactCompany Name: CANADA Visa OfficialContact Person: Populous Thomas RustamEmail: info@canadavisaonline.orgPhone: +30 21 0721 6227Address:No.3, Kleanthous streetCountry: GreeceWebsite: www.canadavisa-online.orgSource: www.abnewswire.com.(C) 2023 M2 COMMUNICATIONS, source M2 PressWIRE