
DexCom, Inc. (NASDAQ: DXCM), the global leader in real-time continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) for people with diabetes, will showcase the strength of its CGM portfolio and unveil new clinical and real-world evidence that continues to demonstrate the effectiveness of Dexcom CGM at the 16th International Conference on Advanced Technologies and Treatments for Diabetes held Feb. 22-25, 2023 in Berlin.

“Last year at ATTD we first introduced our expanded portfolio of Dexcom CGM systems,” said Jake Leach, executive vice president and chief operating officer of Dexcom. “Almost one year later we are thrilled to report that Dexcom G7 is already available in eight countries, Dexcom ONE has played a significant role in helping expand CGM coverage for millions more people with diabetes and Dexcom G6 continues to lead the industry in connectivity with automated insulin delivery systems and digital health apps.”

Dexcom G7, the most powerful and simple CGM, is now available in the United States, Germany, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Austria, Hong Kong, New Zealand and South Africa with additional launches planned in 2023. Feedback from initial Dexcom G7 users has been extremely positive, with consistent praise for the 60% smaller wearable,* shortest warmup period on the market† and more engaging and consumer-friendly mobile app. In addition, 97% of initial users surveyed found Dexcom G7 easy to use.2

Dexcom ONE continues to help expand access to CGM globally by providing a simple and accurate‡,3 option to meet the diverse needs of customers, clinicians, and payers around the world. This has been a key element of the company’s global access initiatives, which expanded reimbursed coverage to Dexcom CGM outside the US by more than 3.5 million lives over the past 18 months. From Spain to Estonia and the UK, more and more people living with diabetes are gaining access to real-time CGM as Dexcom ONE continues to launch in additional markets.

Dexcom G6 is the most connected CGM system in the world,4 with hundreds of thousands of users now connected to insulin pumps, pens and digital health apps.§ Dexcom’s ecosystem enables greater customer choice through partnerships with multiple automated insulin delivery systems and an API infrastructure that allows connectivity to several digital health partners, such as Garmin, Sugarmate, Glooko and Happy Bob. The company’s connectivity platform is helping make diabetes management more convenient than ever before for Dexcom G6 users.

In addition, new clinical and real-world evidence continues to affirm the use of Dexcom CGM is central to optimal diabetes management, while helping to expand CGM access and use in new populations. Some of the most recent evidence showcasing the effectiveness of Dexcom CGM will be highlighted in posters, presentations and during the Dexcom Symposia at ATTD.

Dexcom Symposia Overview

Dexcom Continues to Lead in CGM Technology Across the Diabetes Spectrum 
Thursday, February 23, 2023, 3:00 – 4:30 PM CET, in Plenary Hall A6
Moderated by Daniel Chernavvsky, MD

Dexcom CGM: Transforming the Course of Care for Type 2 Diabetes 
Friday, February 24, 2023, 8:00 – 8:50 AM CET, in Hall A3
Moderated by Noriko Kodani, MD, PhD

Ahead of the Curve: Inpatient Use of Dexcom G6 and Automated Insulin Delivery Systems 
Friday, February 24, 2023, 4:40 – 6:00 PM CET, in Hall A5
Moderated by Erin Cobry, MD

For more information about these presentations and to register to virtually attend the conference, visit https://attd.kenes.com/.

About DexCom, Inc.

DexCom, Inc. empowers people to take real-time control of health through innovative continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) systems. Headquartered in San Diego, Calif., and with operations across Europe and select parts of Asia/Oceania, Dexcom has emerged as a leader of diabetes care technology. By listening to the needs of users, caregivers, and providers, Dexcom works to simplify and improve diabetes management around the world. For more information on Dexcom, visit https://www.dexcom.com/en-us/about-dexcom.

*Compared to a prior generation Dexcom CGM System.
†Dexcom G7 can complete warmup within 30 minutes, whereas other CGM brands require up to an hour or longer.
‡Results obtained with Dexcom G6 study, which uses the same applicator and sensor (and algorithm) as Dexcom ONE.
§To learn more about insulin pump integrations and compatibility with Dexcom CGM Systems, visit dexcom.com/integrate.

1 Dexcom G7, Dexcom G6 and Dexcom ONE CGM System User Guides.
2 Dexcom, data on file, 2021.
3 Shah V et al. Diabetes Technol Ther. 2018;20(6):428-433.
4 Dexcom, data on file, 2022.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230221005809/en/