(Adds World Bank timeline; removes Wally Adeyemo, Susan Rice
and Minouche Shafik as potential candidates)WASHINGTON, Feb 22 (Reuters) -The World Bank on Wednesday said it expects to select a new
president by early May to replace David Malpass, who announced
his resignation last week, leaving open a job that oversees
billions of dollars of funding and has a direct impact on
poverty, climate change preparation, emergency aid and other
issues in developing countries around the globe.The bank has historically been headed by someone from the
United States, its largest shareholder, while a European heads
the International Monetary Fund, but developing countries and
emerging markets are pushing to widen those choices.The bank's board said nominations would be accepted from
Feb. 23-March 29. It said countries were encouraged to nominate
women candidates. The bank has never had a permanent woman
president in its 77-year history, although current International
Monetary Fund chief Kristalina Georgieva served as acting
president for about two months in early 2019.The board laid out criteria for candidates, including work
in development, experience managing large organizations with
international exposure, a firm commitment to multilateral
cooperation, and the ability to articulate a clear vision for
the institution as it embarks on a series of major reforms.According to the bank's 2021 annual report, Malpass earned
$525,000 in net salary that year, and the bank made more than
$340,000 in annual contributions to a pension plan and other
benefits. After early April, Malpass' contract entitles him to a
pension equivalent to 70% of his salary.Here are names being floated by U.S. officials, climate
change experts, and global development peers as possible
candidates for the job:RAJIV SHAHShah was the U.S. Agency for International Development
(USAID) administrator under former President Barack Obama and is
current president of the Rockefeller Foundation, a philanthropic
group that says it aims to "promote the well-being of humanity
throughout the world." The foundation recently partnered with
the U.S. State Department on a carbon offset program at COP27,
the international climate conference.NGOZI OKONJO-IWEALAThe current head of the World Trade Organization and former
World Bank official has been discussed as a potential successor
to Malpass. The dual U.S. and Nigerian citizen served twice as
Nigeria's finance minister and had been a managing director at
the World Bank, overseeing an $81 billion operational portfolio
in Africa, South Asia, Europe and Central Asia.SAMANTHA POWERPower, who currently leads the USAID, is a long-time human
rights advocate, diplomat and former journalist. She served as
U.S. ambassador to the United Nations under President Barack
Obama and won a Pulitzer Prize for her 2002 book, "A Problem
from Hell," a study of the U.S. failure to prevent a number of
genocides over the past century.INDRA NOOYIIndian American Nooyi, who served as CEO of PepsiCo from
2006 to 2018, has been an advocate for the role of business in
tackling climate change. Under her tenure at PepsiCo, she
created Performance with Purpose, a strategic initiative that
tied revenue goals to societal good. Some have called that
program a precursor to current Environmental, Social and
Governance (ESG) metrics used by many companies. She currently
serves as a member of the Earthshot Prize Council, a
50-million-pound award for technologies and solutions that
tackle major environmental problems.GAYLE SMITHA former administrator of USAID in the Obama administration,
Smith currently serves as CEO of the One Campaign, an NGO
focused on ending extreme poverty and preventable disease. She
had served under Democratic President Bill Clinton as the
special assistant to the president and senior director for
African Affairs at the National Security Council.
(Writing by Valerie Volcovici and Andrea Shalal; Editing by
Anna Driver, David Gregorio and Leslie Adler)