
 
 
 

Microsoft is reportedly in discussions to invest $10 billion in OpenAI, according to Semafor.
Apple would replace Broadcom chips and Qualcomm parts with its own components.
Pfizer CEO confirms a partner is preparing to manufacture the COVID-19 pill in China, but denies talks about a generic copy.
Danaher expects better-than-expected revenue growth for the fourth quarter.
Manchester United, Tottenham and Liverpool are reportedly takeover targets for the Qatar fund, according to Bloomberg News.
Holcim is acquiring Italy's Nicem.
Johnson & Johnson is eyeing acquisitions in eye care, surgical robots, orthopedics and cardiovascular products.
Shell is considering reducing its investments in the U.K. after the windfall tax increase.
The U.S. Supreme Court rejects Bristol-Myers Squibb's renewed bid in its patent dispute with Gilead Sciences.
General Electric HealthCare is to acquire Imactis for an undisclosed sum.
Nagarro adjusts its forecast.
Brunello Cucinelli targets €1 billion in revenue this year.
Enel places €1.75 billion in bonds.
Ford to collaborate with LG Energy Solution to build a battery plant in Turkey, dropping SK on the deal.
GSK wins U.S. appeals court victory in Zofran case.
Roche and Sonnet BioTherapeutics partner to evaluate an ovarian cancer combo in a Phase 1b/2a study.
Amazon plans to close three warehouses in the U.K., which could affect 1,200 jobs, PA Media reported.
Virgin Orbit’s satellite launch into space from the U.K. failed. The group owned by British billionaire Richard Branson announced that an anomaly had prevented the Cosmic Girl rocket, carried by a modified Boeing 747, from reaching orbit.
CVS Health is considering an acquisition of health-care center operator Oak Street Health Bloomberg reported Monday.
The Carlyle Group has acquired a majority stake in Indian beauty and wellness products group VLCC for about $300 million, two sources told Reuters on Tuesday.
Jefferies Financial Group reported a 52.5 percent drop in fourth-quarter profit on Monday amid lower fees and market volatility that weighed on trading revenue.
Coinbase Global gained 4.8% in premarket trading after the company announced a plan to cut nearly 1,000 jobs by the second quarter.
Illumina lowered its revenue growth forecast for this year to a range of 7%-10% from 10%.
Agilent Technologies announced an additional $2 billion share buyback program beginning March 1.

