Switzerland - Nestle reports full-year results for 2022Total reported sales increased by 8.4% to CHF 94.4 billion. Net acquisitions had a positive impact of 1.1%. Foreign exchange decreased sales by 0.9%.Organic growth reached 8.3%. Pricing was 8.2%, reflecting significant cost inflation. Real internal growth (RIG) was positive at 0.1%. Organic growth was broad-based across most geographies and categories.The underlying trading operating profit (UTOP) margin was 17.1%, decreasing by 30 basis points on a reported basis and by 40 basis points in constant currency. The trading operating profit (TOP) margin was unchanged at 14.0%.Underlying earnings per share increased by 9.4% in constant currency and by 8.4% on a reported basis to CHF 4.80. Earnings per share decreased by 43.5% to CHF 3.42 on a reported basis, mainly reflecting the 2021 gain on the disposal of L'Oreal shares.Free cash flow was CHF 6.6 billion, as working capital increased temporarily in the context of supply chain constraints and capital expenditure remained above historic trendlines.Board proposes a dividend of CHF 2.95 per share, an increase of 15 centimes, marking 28 consecutive years of dividend growth. In total, CHF 18.2 billion were returned to shareholders in 2022 through a combination of dividend and share buybacks.2023 outlook: we expect organic sales growth between 6% and 8% and underlying trading operating profit margin between 17.0% and 17.5%. Underlying earnings per share in constant currency is expected to increase between 6% and 10%.2025 targets fully confirmed: we expect sustainable mid single-digit organic sales growth and a return to an underlying trading operating profit margin range of 17.5% to 18.5% by 2025. We expect annual underlying earnings per share growth to be in the range of 6% to 10% in constant currency.Mark Schneider, Nestle CEO, commented:'Last year brought many challenges and tough choices for families, communities and businesses. Inflation surged to unprecedented levels, cost of living pressures intensified, and the effects of geopolitical tensions were felt around the world.The entire Nestle team demonstrated dependability, as we navigated this difficult environment. Organic growth was solid, margins continued to be resilient, and our underlying earnings per share development was strong. At the same time, we ensured access to nutritious products and affordable offerings globally.During 2022, we also confirmed our longstanding nutrition strategy, with Good for You, Good for the Planet at its heart. We took important actions to further strengthen our industry-leading responsible marketing practices and to provide transparency on the nutritional value of our global portfolio. At the same time, we also advanced the implementation of our climate roadmap.Looking to 2023, we expect another year of robust organic growth, with a focus on restoring our gross margin, stepping up marketing investments and increasing free cash flow. Nestle's value creation model puts us in a strong position to achieve our 2025 targets and to generate reliable, sustainable shareholder returns.'Group salesOrganic growth was 8.3%. Pricing increased to 8.2%, reflecting significant cost inflation. RIG was positive at 0.1%, following a high base of comparison in 2021, supply constraints and portfolio optimization actions.Organic growth was 7.1% in developed markets, driven by pricing. In emerging markets, organic growth was 10.0%, supported by both pricing and RIG.By product category, Purina PetCare was the largest contributor to organic growth, with continued momentum for science-based and premium brands Purina Pro Plan, Purina ONE and Fancy Feast, as well as veterinary products. Sales in coffee grew at a high single-digit rate, with broad-based growth across brands and geographies, supported by a strong recovery of out-of-home channels. Sales of Starbucks products grew by 12.9% to reach CHF 3.6 billion, generating over CHF 1.5 billion of incremental sales compared with 2018. Infant Nutrition saw double-digit growth, with broad-based contributions across geographies and brands. Confectionery posted high single-digit growth, reflecting particular strength for KitKat, seasonal products and key local brands. Dairy reported mid single-digit growth, with continued momentum for coffee creamers, affordable fortified milks and home-baking products. Water recorded double-digit growth, with a sales decrease in the fourth quarter as a result of temporary capacity constraints. Prepared dishes and cooking aids posted low single-digit growth, following a high base of comparison in 2021, with continued strong demand for Maggi. Sales in vegetarian and plant-based food grew at a mid single-digit rate. Garden Gourmet in Europe continued to see double-digit growth, while sales for Sweet Earth in North America were impacted by SKU optimization. Nestle Health Science reported mid single-digit growth, driven by Medical Nutrition and healthy-aging products.By channel, organic growth in retail sales remained robust at 7.2%. E-commerce sales grew by 9.2%, reaching 15.8% of total Group sales. Organic growth of out-of-home channels reached 23.5%, with sales exceeding 2019 levels. In the fourth quarter, RIG for out-of-home channels moderated to a mid single-digit rate as a result of post-pandemic normalization.Net acquisitions increased sales by 1.1%, largely related to the acquisitions of the core brands of The Bountiful Company and Orgain. The impact on sales from foreign exchange was negative at -0.9%. Total reported sales increased by 8.4% to CHF 94.4 billion.Underlying Trading Operating ProfitUnderlying trading operating profit increased by 6.5% to CHF 16.1 billion. The underlying trading operating profit margin decreased by 30 basis points to 17.1% on a reported basis and by 40 basis points in constant currency, reflecting significant cost inflation.Gross profit increased by 2.5% to CHF 42.7 billion. Gross profit margin decreased by 260 basis points to 45.2%, following significant broad-based inflation for commodity, packaging, freight and energy costs. The impact of cost inflation increased in the second half, reflecting higher costs for dairy, cereals and energy. Pricing, growth leverage and efficiencies helped to partly offset the impact of cost inflation.Distribution costs as a percentage of sales benefited from the divestment of the Nestle Waters North America brands.Marketing and administration expenses decreased by 2.6% to CHF 16.8 billion. Consumer-facing marketing spend decreased temporarily, following a lower level of promotion and marketing activities in the context of supply constraints. Consumer-facing marketing spend increased in the second half of the year compared to the first half. Administrative expenses as a percentage of sales benefited from very disciplined cost control.Restructuring expenses and net other trading items were CHF 2.9 billion, slightly below the prior year. As a result, trading operating profit increased by 8.5% to CHF 13.2 billion and the trading operating profit margin was unchanged versus the prior year on a reported basis at 14.0%.Net Financial Expenses and Income TaxNet financial expenses increased by 19.2% to CHF 1.0 billion, reflecting higher average net debt. Our average cost of net debt increased slightly to 2.2%, compared to 2.0% in 2021.The Group reported tax rate increased by 330 basis points to 24.2% as a result of one-off items. The underlying tax rate was relatively stable at 20.9%.Net Profit and Earnings Per ShareNet profit decreased by 45.2% to CHF 9.3 billion. Net profit margin decreased by 960 basis points to 9.8%, reflecting the gain on disposal of L'Oreal shares in 2021. As a result, earnings per share decreased by 43.5% to CHF 3.42 on a reported basis.Underlying earnings per share increased by 9.4% in constant currency and by 8.4% on a reported basis to CHF 4.80. The increase was mainly the result of strong organic growth. Nestle's share buyback program contributed 1.8% to the underlying earnings per share increase, net of finance costs.Cash FlowCash generated from operations before changes in working capital increased from CHF 16.8 billion to CHF 18.4 billion, up 20 basis points as a percentage of sales.Free cash flow decreased from CHF 8.7 billion to CHF 6.6 billion, reflecting a deliberate and temporary increase in inventories in the context of supply chain disruptions and the energy crisis in Europe. Capital expenditure remained at an elevated level due to increased demand, particularly for PetCare.DividendAt the Annual General Meeting on April 20, 2023, the Board of Directors will propose a dividend of CHF 2.95 per share, an increase of 15 centimes. If approved, this will be the company's 28th consecutive annual dividend increase. The company has maintained or increased its dividend in Swiss francs over the last 63 years. Nestle is committed to maintaining this long-held practice to increase the dividend in Swiss francs every year.The last trading day with entitlement to receive the dividend will be April 21, 2023. The net dividend will be payable as from April 26, 2023.Shareholders entered in the share register with voting rights on April 13, 2023, at 12:00 noon (CEST) will be entitled to exercise their voting rights.Share Buyback ProgramsIn 2022, the Group repurchased CHF 10.6 billion of Nestle shares as part of the three-year CHF 20 billion share buyback program, which began in January 2022. At the upcoming Annual General Meeting, the Board of Directors will propose to reduce the share capital by 80 million shares from CHF 275 million to CHF 267 million through the cancellation of shares purchased, as part of the share buyback program.Net DebtNet debt was CHF 48.2 billion as at December 31, 2022, compared to CHF 32.9 billion at December 31, 2021. The higher level of debt largely reflected share buybacks of CHF 10.5 billion, mostly financed by the disposal of L'Oreal shares in December 2021, and a temporary increase in working capital.Return on Invested Capital (ROIC)The Group's ROIC was unchanged versus 2021 at 12.2%. Excluding significant impairments, ROIC increased by 10 basis points to 14.3%.Portfolio ManagementNestle completed acquisitions and divestments with a total value of around CHF 1.9 billion in 2022.On April 1, 2022, Nestle Health Science completed the acquisition of a majority stake in Orgain, a leader in plant-based nutrition. Orgain complements Nestle Health Science's existing portfolio of nutrition products that support healthier lives.On September 1, 2022, Nestle Health Science completed the acquisition of Puravida, a premium Brazilian nutrition and health lifestyle brand. The acquisition will enable Nestle Health Science to expand its consumer health portfolio in Latin America.On September 1, 2022, Nestle Health Science completed the acquisition of The Better Health Company. The acquisition includes the GO Healthy brand, New Zealand's leading supplement brand, and New Zealand Health Manufacturing, an Auckland-based manufacturing facility for vitamins, minerals and supplements. The acquisition will expand Nestle Health Science's portfolio of vitamins, minerals and supplements in AOA.On October 19, 2022, Nestle announced the acquisition of Seattle's Best Coffee from Starbucks. This transaction is part of Nestle's focus on driving sustained profitable growth in the coffee category and strengthens the Global Coffee Alliance by allowing both companies to focus on their core strengths. The transaction was completed on January 13, 2023.On November 1, 2022, Nestle completed the sale of the Gateway infant formula plant in Eau Claire, Wisconsin, along with U.S. and Canadian rights to the Gerber Good Start infant formula brand to Perrigo.On November 15, 2022, Nestle and L Catterton created a partnership that brings together Freshly and Kettle Cuisine, a leading manufacturer of fresh food products for retail and foodservice customers. The combined company focuses on offering a wide assortment of fresh food products to customers across geographies and a variety of channels. L Catterton is the majority owner, with Nestle holding a minority stake.On November 29, 2022, the Group announced the decision to explore strategic options for Palforzia, the peanut allergy treatment, following slower than expected adoption by patients and healthcare professionals. The review is expected to be completed in the first half of 2023.Contact:Christoph MeierTel: +41 21 924 2200Email: mediarelations@nestle.com(C) 2023 Electronic News Publishing, source ENP Newswire