

      Notice of Annual General Meeting and Board Committee change
    

      AstraZeneca PLC (the Company) announced today the publication of its Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023 and Shareholders' Circular (the Notice).
    

      The Company also announced that, in line with the UK Corporate Governance Code, Michel Demaré will step down as a member of the Audit Committee at the conclusion of this year's Annual General Meeting (AGM) following his appointment as Chair of the Board.
    

      The Notice and the proxy form for the AGM have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection athttps://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism. The Notice is also available on the Company's website atwww.astrazeneca.com/noticeofmeeting2023.
    

      The Company's Annual Report and Form 20-F Information 2022 (the Annual Report) was published on 21 February 2023.
    

      The Notice is being despatched to shareholders today.
    

      The meeting place for the AGM will be the Leonardo Royal Hotel London Tower Bridge, 45 Prescot Street, London, E1 8GP and the AGM will commence at 2.30 pm (BST) on 27 April 2023.
    

      The business to be conducted at the AGM is summarised below:
    


        1.
      

        To receive the Company's Accounts, the Reports of the Directors and Auditor and the Strategic Report for the year ended 31 December 2022
      



        2.
      

        To confirm dividends
      



        3.
      

        To reappoint PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Auditor
      



        4.
      

        To authorise the Directors to agree the remuneration of the Auditor
      



        5.
      

        To elect or re-elect Directors
      



        6.
      

        To approve the Annual Report on Remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2022
      



        7.
      

        To authorise limited political donations
      



        8.
      

        To authorise the Directors to allot shares
      



        9.
      

        To authorise the Directors to disapply pre-emption rights
      



        10.
      

        To authorise the Directors to further disapply pre-emption rights for acquisitions and specified capital investments
      



        11.
      

        To authorise the Company to purchase its own shares
      



        12.
      

        To reduce the notice period for general meetings
      



        13.
      

        To adopt new Articles of Association of the Company.
      


      Pursuant to Regulation 41 of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001, only holders of ordinary shares entered in the register of members of the Company by 6.30pm (BST) on 25 April 2023 (or their duly appointed proxies), or if this meeting is adjourned, in the register of members by 6.30pm (BST) two days prior to any adjourned meeting, are entitled to attend or vote at the AGM in respect of the number of ordinary shares registered in their name at that time. Changes to the entries in the register of members after 6.30pm (BST) on 25 April 2023, or if this meeting is adjourned, in the register of members after 6.30pm (BST) two days prior to any adjourned meeting, shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to attend or vote at the AGM.The Record Date applied to the Euroclear Sweden system to determine entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM is close of business on 18 April 2023.
    

      AstraZeneca
    

      AstraZeneca (LSE/STO/Nasdaq: AZN) is a global, science-led biopharmaceutical company that focuses on the discovery, development, and commercialisation of prescription medicines in Oncology, Rare Diseases, and BioPharmaceuticals, including Cardiovascular, Renal & Metabolism, and Respiratory & Immunology. Based in Cambridge, UK, AstraZeneca operates in over 100 countries and its innovative medicines are used by millions of patients worldwide. Please visit astrazeneca.com and follow the Company on Twitter @AstraZeneca.
    

      Contacts
    

      For details on how to contact the Investor Relations Team, please click here. For Media contacts, click here.
    

      Adrian Kemp
    

      Company Secretary
    

      AstraZeneca PLC
    
Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
AstraZeneca plc published this content on 22 March 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 22 March 2023 11:12:05 UTC.
      

