Indian Visa for Belgian CitizensAlthough Belgium is not on India's exemption list, citizens of this country can still apply for an e-Visa to enter India. The Indian Visa for Belgian Citizens has been available as an online application form from the Government of India since 2014. All foreign travelers visiting India are required to apply for an Indian Visa before arriving in the country. Citizens of 169 countries around the world can now apply for Indian e-Visa to visit the country. Therefore, many religious people from all over the world travel to India every year, mainly for tourism and business reasons. Belgian citizens are eligible to apply for the different types of Indian e-Visas available to them depending on the nature of their intended visit to the country. For tourism purposes, the Government of India offers the Indian Tourist e-Visa, which allows travelers to visit the country for yoga retreats, sightseeing tours and family visits. Tourist e-Visa - Used when traveling to India for tourism purposes. This type of e-Visa allows you to stay in India for up to 30 days from your arrival date with a single entry and cannot be extended or converted. Belgian travelers can also apply for an Indian Business e-Visa if they intend to visit the country for business purposes. Business e-Visa - Used when you need to enter India for business reasons. This type of e-Visa allows you to stay in India for a total of up to 365 days with multiple entry periods from the date of issuance, with each stay not exceeding 180 days. Medical e-Visa: It is used when you need to get medical treatment in India. This type allows you to stay in India for a total of up to 60 days with 3 entries. The application process is relatively simple and does not require a visit to a local embassy or consulate. Complete the entire application online and receive the e-Visa electronically via email.REQUIRED DOCUMENTS FOR CITIZENS OF BELGIAN*Valid passport: you shouldn't have issues with obtaining a passport, and if you already have one, take a look at the expiration date. *Digital photo of yourself: this photo must be as recent as possible. You should avoid face gestures in it, and the background should be white. *A complete passport scan of the information page *A valid email address to receive the Indian E-Visa in their Inbox. *Means of payment: You can use a credit or a debit card, and since PayPal is quite popular nowadays, you can use that as well. *Business card copy and invitation letter: this requirement applies to people who want to go to India for business purposes and apply for an India business e-Visa. *Letter from the hospital in India: this is valid for people who apply for a medical e-Visa.Indian Visa for Austrian CitizensIndia is a must for travel lovers and a dream country for business travelers as India is one of the busiest markets in the world. Austrian citizens wishing to enter India are required to obtain an e-Visa for India, either online or through a local Indian Embassy or Consulate. You can apply for an India e-Visa, which is the electronic version of visiting an embassy. As an Austrian citizen you need a visa to enter India. You don't have to worry about this if you are planning to travel to India. Austrian citizens can apply for one of several types of India e-Visa depending on the purpose of their travel to the country. The Indian government requires all foreigners visiting India to apply for a visa before arriving in the country. In 2014, the Government of India introduced an Electronic Travel Authorization, allowing citizens of 166 countries to apply for and receive an Indian e-Visa. Indian Visa for Austrian Citizens has been available as an online application form from the Government of India since 2014. In order to participate in tourism-related activities, spiritual retreats or visiting friends and family in India, Austrian travelers can apply for an India Tourist eVisa. If the purpose of the visit is to engage in business activities, an Indian Business eVisa is more appropriate. In addition, travelers can also apply for an Indian e-Medical Visa if the purpose of the visit is to engage in medical tourism during their visit to the country. Travelers should apply for an Indian e-Visa online or through a local Indian Embassy or Consulate.Required Documents for the Indian eVisa for Austrian Citizens*Having a passport with a validity of at least 6 months from the date of the traveler's arrival in India *Having at least 2 blank pages on the passport where entry and exit stamps can be placed *A complete passport scan of the information page *Means of payment - You can use a credit or a debit card, and if you have an account on PayPal, you can use that too. *A valid email address to receive the Indian e-Visa in their Inbox. *Business card copy and invitation letter - this requirement applies to people who want to go to India on business and apply for an India business eVisa.Indian Visa OnlineSince 2014, international travelers wishing to visit India no longer need to apply for the traditional paper Visa to India in order to travel, eliminating the hassle of applying. India offers travelers from eligible countries the opportunity to obtain an e-visa to enter the country. Indian Electronic Visa or Electronic Visa (eTV) is an online travel authorization. The Government of India has set important milestones to increase the number of travelers visiting India. By 2023, more than 165 countries will have access to the e-Visa, out of the 43 countries that were eligible when it was launched in 2014, an important step in boosting tourism. It is a multiple entry visa for the e-Tourist and e-Business with a validity of 365 days and a triple entry for the e-Medical and e-Medical Attendant together with a validity of 60 consecutive days and a single-entry e -Conference is valid for 30 days. As most visitors now prefer to complete the Indian Visa Application online, there is no need to go to the Embassy in person and fill out forms and submit documents to the government. Hence, travelers are encouraged to use this program to get their Indian Visa e-Visa as the process is efficient and effective. The India e-Visa can be easily applied for with a short online application. Travelers only need to provide basic biographical information and their passport information.Types of Indian e-Visa*Tourist e-Visa *Business e-Visa *Medical Visa e-VisaEligibility Requirements for Indian Visa Application Online*Be a citizen of any of the 165+ countries whose citizens are eligible for the Indian Visa. *The purpose of your visit is tourism, business or medical. *You must have a valid passport for at least 6 months from the date of arrival in India. The passport must contain at least 2 blank pages. *When applying for Indian Visa online, the details provided must exactly match those in your passport. Any discrepancies may result in visa refusal or delays in visa processing/issuance/entry into India. *Enter the country only through certain authorized immigration checkpoints, including 28 airports and 5 seaports. *Make an online payment using your international credit/debit card. *Check your email address. Your e-Visa will be sent to your email.Indian Visa ApplicationThe Government of India has launched an Electronic Travel Authorization or e-Visa for India, allowing citizens of 180 countries to travel to India without physical passport stamps. Since 2014, international travelers wishing to visit India no longer need to apply for a traditional Indian paper visa in order to travel, simplifying the application process. Eligible citizens may travel to India for tourism purposes for up to 90 consecutive days per visit (180 days for Canadian, Japanese, UK and US citizens). The India Tourist eVisa is a multiple-entry visa and is valid for 365 days from the date of issue. A double entry tourist eVisa for India, allowing a stay of 30 days with 2 entries to India, is also available for those planning a shorter stay. Therefore, travelers are recommended to use this program to obtain their India e-Visa as the process is efficient and effective. Most visitors now prefer to complete the Indian Visa Application online, there is no need to go to the Embassy in person. and fill out forms and submit documents to the government.Types of Indian e-Visa*Tourist e-Visa *An electronic or scanned copy of the first (biographical) page of the visitor's passport, which must be the standard passport and valid for at least 6 months from the date of entry into India; Otherwise you will need to renew your passport. *A color copy of the visitor's most recent passport photograph (face only and can be taken with a phone). *A working email address to receive the eVisa in their Inbox. *A valid debit or credit card to pay for the registration fees.Indian Visa Application Online Document Requirements*Tourist e-Visa *Business e-Visa *Medical Visa e-VisaIndian Visa for Brazilian CitizensToday, more than 150 countries, including Brazil, are eligible for the India e-Visa. A trip to India is on many people's wish list and Brazilian citizens can achieve this goal by easily applying for an Indian e-Visa online. Indian Visa for Brazilian Citizens has been available as an online application form from the Government of India since 2014. Since November 2014, the Indian government has taken measures to facilitate entry for tourists, business executives or those seeking short-term medical assistance. The India e-Visa is an official document that allows Brazilian citizens to enter and travel within the country. This permit is also known as India Electronic Travel Authorization which can also be issued to people visiting friends and family. This way, travelers don't have to bear travel expenses to embassies or go through many obstacles to get their visa. The visa is valid for one year from date of arrival. If Brazilians apply for an electronic tourist visa, the continuous stay in the country cannot exceed 90 days. Electronic Business Visa: This type of electronic visa allows Brazilians to travel to India for business or business. You can stay in India for up to 365 days from the date of ETA approval and enter India as many times as you wish, but you cannot stay longer than 180 days at a time on any one visit. Electronic Medical Visa and Physician's Assistant: Brazilians who need medical treatment or accompanying patients who are being treated in India can apply online for Electronic Medical Visa and Physician's Assistant. This type of e-Visa allows you to stay in India for up to 60 days from the date of arrival and allows you to enter the country a total of three times. Brazilians traveling to India from Brazil must apply for the Indian e-Visa at least four calendar days before the expected date of arrival and can apply up to 120 days in advance. The entire process can take up to fifteen minutes, including uploading the correct documents and paying the eVisa application fees.WHAT DOCUMENTS DO I NEED TO APPLY?A passport with at least six months' validity at the time of making their applicationA return or onward journey ticket plus sufficient funds to sustain themselves through the duration of the journey are requiredA recent front-facing photograph with a white background.Scan of the passport page containing personal details like name, nationality, date of birth, date of expiry, and other vital personal detailsMeans of payment - You can use a credit or a debit card, and since PayPal has become quite popular, you can use that as well.Media ContactCompany Name: INDIAN EVISAContact Person: Ginto Perathu CaitlinEmail: info@evisa-india.org.inPhone: +1 213-617-6700Address:350 S Grand Ave 1700City: Los AngelesCountry: United StatesWebsite: www.indiavisa-online.org/ha/visa/Source: www.abnewswire.com.(C) 2023 M2 COMMUNICATIONS, source M2 PressWIRE