

      GFN Thursday kicks each weekend off with new games and updates straight from the cloud. This week adds more games from publisher THQ Nordic to the GeForce NOW library, as part seven total additions.
    

      Members can gear up to play these new titles the ultimate way with the upcoming release of the new Ultimate membership, delivering RTX 4080-class performance and elevated cloud gaming perks.
    

      Just announced at CES 2023, HP is adding support for NVIDIA GeForce NOW through its OMEN Gaming Hub. Members will have access to the GeForce NOW library of over 1,500 titles built right into their latest HP laptops, making it even easier to stream at GeForce quality.
    

New Titles From THQ Nordic


      Adventure to new and strange worlds with support for five THQ Nordic titles coming to the GeForce NOW library. Members can stream the Steam and Epic Games Store versions from their favorite digital stores across all GeForce NOW-compatible devices.
    
[Link]Great gaming is just a cloud away.

      Follow the story of a former crusader knight called back into action to stop the unification of a powerful ancient artifact that could bring untold evil to the world in The Valiant. Rally warriors with different skills to the cause and build custom hero-squads to defeat your enemies. Stream from PC and Mac apps even in 4K resolution with the GeForce NOW Ultimate membership.
    

      Play as evil alien Crypto-137 harvesting DNA from Earth's citizens in the brazen action-adventure title Destroy All Humans!. Use an assortment of alien weaponry and psychic skills to bring down the government and reduce cities of the 1950s to rubble with a flying saucer.
    

      Crypto the alien invader returns, groovier than ever, in Destroy All Humans! 2: Reprobed, the swinging sequel set in the '60s. Stream your intergalactic adventures on the big screen with NVIDIA SHIELD or Samsung Smart TVs in beautiful 4K.
    

      Become the new owner of a hunting lodge, explore vast open-world environments, and hunt with a premium selection of firearms and equipment in Way of the Hunter. Enjoy the hunt on your own or with a friend in multiplayer co-op, and experience the great outdoors on the go playing from mobile devices.
    

      Experience high-intensity outdoor racing and become a world-famous, professional off-road rider in MX vs ATV Legends. Compete against others in the new career mode, where choices lead to different paths on devices designed for enhanced streaming experiences like the Logitech G CLOUD or cloud gaming Chromebooks.
    

Upgrade to Ultimate Gaming


      Ready for the ultimate cloud gaming performance? Upgrade to a GeForce NOW Ultimate membership and get ready for RTX 4080-class performance the moment it's available.
    
[Link]Ultimate PC gaming power, itty-bitty living space in the cloud.

      GeForce NOW Ultimate is cloud gaming that is "beyond fast." Powered by the NVIDIA Ada Lovelace architecture in upgraded GeForce NOW RTX 4080 SuperPODs, Ultimate members can stream at up to 240 frames per second for the lowest latency ever from the cloud, or up to 4K 120 fps.
    

      Ultimate members can also take advantage of new ultrawide resolution support for their favorite PC games, and experience full ray tracing and DLSS 3 in supported titles for beautiful, cinematic-quality graphics.
    

      Ultimate members can play today on GeForce NOW RTX 3080 rigs for the highest performance and lowest latency available in cloud gaming. And when GeForce RTX 4080-powered SuperPODs begin rolling out in North America and Europe later this month, Ultimate members will be the first to stream at RTX 4080-class power.
    

Sign up today - quantities are limited.
    

Gamers, Come Out to Play!

[Link]Calling all active Division agents. Save the city from chaos before it's too late.

      Get the gaming going this weekend with seven more titles supported on GeForce NOW:
    


Tom Clancy's The Division 2 (New release on Steam, Jan. 12)
      

Dakar Desert Rally (Epic Games)
      

Destroy All Humans! (Steam and Epic Games)
      

Destroy All Humans! 2 - Reprobed (Steam and Epic Games)
      

MX vs ATV Legends (Steam)
      

The Valiant (Steam and Epic Games)
      

Way of the Hunter (Steam and Epic Games)
      


      While you're getting ready for an out-of-this-world weekend full of gaming, we've got a question for you. Let us know your answer on Twitter or in the comments below.
    

      You look out your window and see an alien invasion happening.
    

      What do you grab first?
    

      - ️ NVIDIA GeForce NOW (@NVIDIAGFN) January 11, 2023


Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
Nvidia Corporation published this content on 12 January 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 12 January 2023 14:19:04 UTC.
      

