

JOHN BERMAN, KATE BOLDUAN AND SARA SIDNER TO ANCHOR 9AM-12PM ET WEEKDAY PROGRAM OUT OF NEW YORK

BRIANNA KEILAR, BORIS SANCHEZ AND JIM SCIUTTO TO ANCHOR 1PM-4PM ET WEEKDAY PROGRAM OUT OF WASHINGTON


NEW YORK, NY - CNN announced a new Dayside programming lineup today, taking a fresh approach with two unique programs designed to embrace the events of the day and deliver an engaging experience for audiences. Inspired by the spirit and success of CNN's special event coverage, these programs will feature CNN's global reporting resources, bringing stories to viewers in real time, while leveraging innovative use of technology to offer context.
    

      "CNN's Dayside audience is highly influential, with executives and leaders watching from their offices around the country as the day's news unfolds," said CNN Worldwide Chairman and CEO Chris Licht. "We are leaning into our greatest strengths, showcasing our unparalleled newsgathering operation and giving our anchors the room to be more authentic. We've seen how our audience responds to this format, and we believe it will put us in a position of strength going into the evening and primetime hours."
    

      This energetic presentation and new approach to covering news events and developing stories will be produced from the heart of CNN's operations in Atlanta, with anchor teams in New York and Washington.
    

      The weekday 9am-12pm ET block will be a standalone program out of CNN's New York studios anchored by John Berman, Kate Bolduan  and Sara Sidner.  Berman, Bolduan and Sidner will combine their anchor duties and skill to add value to the news each day.
    

      The weekday 1pm-4pm ET block will be a standalone program out of CNN's Washington studios anchored by Brianna Keilar, Boris Sanchez  and Jim Sciutto.  Keilar, Sanchez and Sciutto will bring a powerhouse dynamic to covering the day's news.
    

Inside Politics with John King  remains at the 12pm-1pm ET hour out of Washington. Victor Blackwell will now anchor the 10am hour on Saturdays and co-anchor CNN This Morning Weekend with Amara Walker out of Atlanta. Alisyn Camerota, who has been filling in on CNN Tonight, will now focus solely on the 10pm show, and Laura Coates will focus solely on the 11pm show. Jim Acosta will also be expanding his role on the weekends, now anchoring 4pm-8pm on Saturday and 4pm-7pm on Sundays for CNN Newsroom  weekend.
    

      CNN's line-up changes will go into effect in the coming months. More details will be shared in the weeks ahead. 
    

      ###
    

About CNN Worldwide
CNN Worldwide is the most honored brand in news, reaching more individuals on television and online than any other news organization in the United States. Globally, CNN International is the most widely distributed news channel. CNN Digital is the #1 online news destination, with more unique visitors and video viewers than any other news source. CNN's award-winning portfolio also includes CNN Original Series, which develops non-scripted programming for television via commissioned projects, acquisitions and in-house production. CNN Films produces, commissions and acquires documentary feature and short films for theatrical and festival exhibition, as well as for broadcast and other distribution across CNN's multiple platforms. Additionally, CNN Newsource is the world's most extensively utilized news service partnering with over 1,000 local and international news organizations around the world. CNN is a division of Warner Bros. Discovery.
    
Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
Warner Bros Discovery Inc. published this content on 11 January 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 25 January 2023 16:10:04 UTC.
      

