(Updates to U.S. market close)*Wall Street stocks reverse, add to Wednesday's gains*Europe ticks up despite sticky inflation numbers*Treasury yields hit 16-week high, dollar gains*U.S. jobless claims fall againMarch 2 (Reuters) -Wall Street stocks reversed losses to end higher on
Thursday, and U.S. government bond yields tempered gains, as
investors digested strong economic data and signals of a
measured interest rate approach from the Federal Reserve.U.S. jobless claims numbersfell, while Atlanta Fed President Raphael Bosticsaidthat he favored "slow and steady" quarter-point U.S. rate
increases to limit risk to the economy.That helped Wall Street stocks rebound from an initial
decline. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose around 1%,
boosted by Salesforce Inc, whose shares jumped about
11.5% after the cloud-based software provider gave an upbeat
full-year profit forecast and doubled its share repurchase
program.The S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite both gained
around 0.75%, even as Tesla Inc fell nearly 6% after
the company did not unveil a much-awaited small, affordable
electric vehicle.After initially sagging, European shares rose 0.5,
even as euro zone inflation numbers justified what is widely
expected to be another 50 basis-point hike in the European
Central Bank's already decade-high rates this month.Consumer price inflation in the 20 countries sharing the
euro currency barely eased to 8.5% in February from 8.6% in
January on lower energy prices, above the 8.2% economists polled
by Reuters had expected.MSCI's broadest index of world shares gained
0.37%.Stock and bond markets in recent weeks have been driven by
different factors, said Kevin Gardiner, global investment
strategist at Rothschild & Co. The chief concern in stocks is
the expectation of pressured corporate profits, while bonds are
sensitive to inflation and rate expectations."The economic impact of tightening remains a puzzle.
Profitability might not be that fragile, at least, not yet," he
said.Overnight, both benchmark government bonds and shares had
taken a blow, as inflation indicators from Germany and the
United States reinforced expectations interest rates would go
higher and stay there for longer.Germany's 2-year government bond yield rose to
its highest since October 2008.In the United States, manufacturing activity contracted for
a fourth straight month in February, but a gauge of prices for
raw materials increased last month, stoking concerns that
inflation would remain stubborn."Economic data has surprised to the upside," said Steven Oh,
global head of credit and fixed income at PineBridge
Investments. Any unexpected result in the data would drive
policymakers to be more aggressive, and that has reset market
expectations, he said.PRESSURE POINTSU.S. government bond yields marched higher. Benchmark
10-year Treasury yields were near a four-month high
at 4.066%, while two-year yields also advanced to
4.889%, around a fresh 16-year high.Fed funds futures tied to the Fed's policy rate see about an
even chance that the rate will range from 5.5%-5.75% by
September, from the current range of 4.5%-4.75%."We expect interest rates to stay higher for longer, and we
expect stock market volatility ahead," strategists at the
Wells Fargo Investment Institute wrote on Thursday, adding that
stronger-than-expected economic data this winter pushed their
recession outlook into the second half of 2023.DOLLAR REBOUND CONTINUESIn currency markets, the U.S. dollar index, measuring
its value against a basket of major peers, gained nearly 0.5% to
$104.968. The index is now up about 1.4% for the year, but
still down from a September high around $114.The euro lost 0.65% and the pound dropped
0.67%, with hotter-than-expected inflation numbers adding
pressure on the ECB to raise rates.In the crypto world, shares of Silvergate Capital
plunged 57% after the cryptocurrency-focused bank said it was
delaying its annual report and evaluating its ability to operate
as a going concern. Bitcoin was last down about 0.5% at
$23,461.Oil prices ticked up, boosted by signs of a strong economic
rebound in top crude importer China and easing worries of
aggressive U.S. rate hikes. U.S. crude rose 0.32% to
$77.94 per barrel and Brent was at $84.50, up 0.23% on
the day.Spot gold was slightly lower at $1,836 per ounce.(Reporting by Lawrence Delevingne in Boston and Nell Mackenzie
and Marc Jones in London
Editing by Richard Chang and Matthew Lewis)