

Exclusive hype moment lets you run through the same Super Bowl stadium tunnel as your favorite NFL athletes
CHICAGO, Jan. 19, 2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The pre-game tunnel is where athletes get physically and mentally prepared for gametime. Fast Twitch, a new energy drink from Gatorade, is letting three lucky fans experience the power of this explosive pre-game ritual with the chance to run through the Super Bowl stadium tunnel and onto the field in an experience traditionally reserved for NFL pros.







"I love that electric pre-game feeling, running from the tunnel onto the field with thousands of fans screaming," said George Kittle, Fast Twitch athlete and San Francisco 49ers tight end. "This is an opportunity for anyone to experience what NFL players go through to get hyped to compete on the world's biggest sports stage."
One winner and two friends can win a trip to Super Bowl LVII in Glendale, Arizona, complete with an exclusive, behind the scenes run out of the pre-game tunnel and into State Farm Stadium just days before the pros do the same as they step out ahead of the biggest game of the year. The winner will also get access to Fast Twitch's immersive tunnel installation that captures the swagger and energy of the pre-game hype, where they'll be able to test their skills like the pros alongside fan favorite NFL stars, all while experiencing Fast Twitch's winning combination of caffeine, electrolytes and B vitamins to jump-start their next workout.
And best of all? The winner will get to watch the Super Bowl LVII teams retrace their tunnel run glory with three tickets to Super Bowl LVII.  
Consumers can enter to win by using the Fast Twitch custom filter and posting your best high-energy tunnel entrance to TikTok or Instagram with #FastTwitchContest by Jan. 31. Entries must also be submitted on FastTwitchEnergy.gatorade.com, where you can also find complete details in contest rules and how to enter. No purchase is necessary to enter or win.
Fast Twitch is the first-ever caffeinated energy drink designed to help athletes ignite power with 200mg of caffeine, electrolytes, 100% DV vitamin b6 and b12, zero sugar, no artificial flavors or colors and in the same Gatorade flavors fans know and love.
Exclusively used by NFL athletes like Kittle, Stefon Diggs and DK Metcalf on NFL sidelines throughout the 2022 season, and now Fast Twitch will be available to athletes and consumers nationwide in early February 2023. To learn more about Fast Twitch, follow the brand on Instagram and TikTok.
About GatoradeThe Gatorade Company, a division of PepsiCo (NASDAQ: PEP), meets the needs of consumers who participate in sports and fitness, through brands that include Gatorade, Propel, Muscle Milk, Evolve and Fast Twitch. The solutions they provide are driven by a deep understanding of the unique occasions and needs across athletic activity. Gatorade, their marquee brand, is underpinned by a 57-year history of studying the best athletes in the world, and sports nutrition research by the Gatorade Sport Science Institute, allowing it to provide scientifically formulated products that meet athletes' needs both on and off the field. For more information and a full list of products, please visit www.gatorade.com.
About PepsiCoPepsiCo products are enjoyed by consumers more than one billion times a day in more than 200 countries and territories around the world. PepsiCo generated more than $79 billion in net revenue in 2021, driven by a complementary beverage and convenient foods portfolio that includes Lay's, Doritos, Cheetos, Gatorade, Pepsi-Cola, Mountain Dew, Quaker, and SodaStream. PepsiCo's product portfolio includes a wide range of enjoyable foods and beverages, including many iconic brands that generate more than $1 billion each in estimated annual retail sales.
Guiding PepsiCo is our vision to Be the Global Leader in Beverages and Convenient Foods by Winning with PepsiCo Positive (pep+). pep+ is our strategic end-to-end transformation that puts sustainability and human capital at the center of how we will create value and growth by operating within planetary boundaries and inspiring positive change for planet and people. For more information, visit www.pepsico.com, and follow on Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, and LinkedIn @PepsiCo.


 View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/run-the-tunnel-just-like-the-pros-fast-twitch-is-offering-the-ultimate-super-bowl-lvii-experience-301725389.html
SOURCE  Fast Twitch


