


        Cambridge, Mass.- Biogen Inc. (Nasdaq:BIIB) today announced it will report fourth quarter and full year 2022 financial results Wednesday, February 15, 2023, before the financial markets open.
      

        Following the release of the financials, the Company will host a live webcast with Biogen management at 8:00 a.m. ET. To access the live webcast, please go to the investors section of Biogen's website at investors.biogen.com. Following the live webcast, an archived version of the call will be available on the website.
      

About Biogen


        As pioneers in neuroscience, Biogen discovers, develops, and delivers worldwide innovative therapies for people living with serious neurological diseases as well as related therapeutic adjacencies. One of the world's first global biotechnology companies, Biogen was founded in 1978 by Charles Weissmann, Heinz Schaller, Sir Kenneth Murray, and Nobel Prize winners Walter Gilbert and Phillip Sharp. Today, Biogen has a leading portfolio of medicines to treat multiple sclerosis, has introduced the first approved treatment for spinal muscular atrophy, and developed the first approved treatment to address a defining pathology of Alzheimer's disease. Biogen is also commercializing biosimilars and focusing on advancing one of the industry's most diversified pipelines in neuroscience that will transform the standard of care for patients in several areas of high unmet need.
      

        We routinely post information that may be important to investors on our website at www.biogen.com. Follow us on social media - Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, YouTube.
      

Contact:
        Karen Jewell
        Investor Relations
        Biogen
        781.464.2442
      

Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
Biogen Inc. published this content on 18 January 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 18 January 2023 21:09:05 UTC.
      

