On Friday, January 13th, at 12:00 p.m. (noon), advocates and mobilizers affiliated with AIDS Healthcare Foundation (AHF), will host a protest targeting HIV and Hepatitis C drug giant, Gilead Sciences, over the Bay Area company's drug pricing, policies and overall greed.This protest will take place outside the Market Street home of Gilead CEO Daniel O'Day and is part of an ongoing campaign by AHF against Gilead.According to Salary.com, in 2021, 'As Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at GILEAD SCIENCES, INC., Daniel P. O'Day made $19,229,466 in total compensation. Of this total $1,650,000 was received as a salary, $3,446,190 was received as a bonus, $3,375,004 was received in stock options, $9,764,060 was awarded as stock and $994,212 came from other types of compensation. This information is according to proxy statements filed for the 2021 fiscal year.'WHAT: SAN FRANCISCO GILEAD PROTEST over drug pricing & policiesWHEN: Friday, January 13, 2023 TIME: 12:00 p.m. (noon)WHERE: In front of the home of Daniel O'Day (CEO, Gilead Sciences) 765 Market Street (36F), San Francisco, CA 94103 (cross street: 4th)WHO: Advocates with signs reading 'Stop Being Greedy' and, playing off the company's logo, with a few red letters scrawled over Gilead's logo to make it read 'Greed' and 'Greediad'Contact:Tel: +1.323.791.5526Email: cell ged.kenslea@ahf.orgAdvocates are protesting Gilead over its profound and tone-deaf greed with pricing and policies, particularly illegal restrictions the company placed early last year on access to 340B drug pricing for its branded hepatitis C treatments for certain pharmacies. Gilead is now one of over 15 major drug companies that have illegally placed such restrictions on its drugsAHF's protest targeting Gilead CEO O'Day follows the World AIDS Day protests in early December as well as a weeklong, twice-daily series of protests in late October targeting the drug company. Gilead is maker of most of the key and most effective HIV medications and Hepatitis C drugs. AHF also previously protested Gilead's greed and actions on four separate occasions during the spring and summer at the Bay Area drug maker's headquarters.The 340B drug pricing program is administered by the U.S. Health Resources & Services Administration (HRSA). It has helped provide low-cost medications and better health outcomes for millions of Americans through the nonprofit clinics and hospitals that serve them. Safety net providers like Ryan White providers, who serve patients living with HIV, have the right under the 340B statute to purchase drugs at a discounted price. In March, Gilead put profits before patients by unilaterally imposing unlawful conditions on when and how it will give discounts for certain Hepatitis C drugsThe ongoing protests are part of a sustained advocacy campaign by AHF against Gilead. They follow closely on the heels of Gilead protests held over the past two weeks in San Francisco as well as three protests held last month by AHF on World AIDS Day (12/1/22) in Oceanside, CA; Miami, FL and Washington, D.C., each in front of local Gilead company offices.AHF mobilizers and advocates will be also deploying social media in real time at many of these Gilead protests and will be using hashtags: BadGilead - PeopleBeforeProfit - GreedyGilead(C) 2023 Electronic News Publishing, source ENP Newswire