

      Filmmaker Sarah Polley won the Oscar for 'Women Talking,' a film based on the Miriam Toews novel about women in an isolated religious colony.
    


        Sarah Polley, the filmmaker behind MGM's Women Talking, won the Oscar for best adapted screenplay at the 2023 Academy Awards.
      

        "I just want to thank the Academy for not being mortally offended by the words 'women' and 'talking' being so close together like that," Polley said in her acceptance speech.
      

        Polley, who wrote and directed Women Talking, bested a field of fellow nominees that included the writers of All Quiet on the Western Front, Glass Onion: a Knives Out Mystery, Living, and Top Gun: Maverick. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Miriam Toews and inspired by events at a Mennonite community in Bolivia. It shares the story of a group of women in an isolated religious community who grapple with reconciling their reality with their faith.
      


Olivia Wilde directs an inspiring new commercial in Amazon Prime campaign


          The first commercial in a new series of Prime ads debuted during the Academy Awards to share the unifying theme "It's on Prime." Watch now.
        

Read more



        "Miriam Toews wrote an essential novel about a radical democracy in which people who don't agree on every single issue managed to sit together in a room and carve out a way forward together free of violence," Polley said. "They do so not just by talking, but also by listening."
      

        The award was the most recent for Polley, whose screenplay has also been honored at the Critics Choice Awards, the Independent Spirit Awards, and the Writers Guild of America Awards. Women Talking was also a nominee for best picture at the Academy Awards.
      

Women Talking is available to rent or purchase on Prime.
      



        Related Tags
      

Amazon Studios Prime VideoEntertainment




About the Author



Daniel Holloway


          Daniel Holloway is a communications principal at Amazon Studios. Before joining Amazon, he was executive editor of the entertainment-industry trade publication Variety.
        


Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
Amazon.com Inc. published this content on 13 March 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 13 March 2023 17:58:01 UTC.
      

