
Today, Adobe (Nasdaq:ADBE) and NVIDIA, longstanding R&D partners, announced a new partnership to unlock the power of generative AI to further advance creative workflows. Adobe and NVIDIA will co-develop a new generation of advanced generative AI models with a focus on deep integration into applications the world’s leading creators and marketers use.

Some of these models will be jointly developed and brought to market through Adobe’s Creative Cloud flagship products like Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Premiere Pro, and Adobe After Effects, as well as through the new NVIDIA Picasso cloud service for broad reach to third-party developers. Priorities of the partnership include supporting commercial viability of the new technology and ensuring content transparency and Content Credentials powered by Adobe’s Content Authenticity Initiative.

Part of the NVIDIA AI Foundations cloud services for generative AI announced today, NVIDIA Picasso lets users build and deploy generative AI-powered image, video, and 3D applications with advanced text-to-image, text-to-video, and text-to-3D capabilities to supercharge productivity for creativity, design and digital simulation through simple cloud APIs.

“Adobe and NVIDIA have a long history of working closely together to advance the technology of creativity and marketing,” said Scott Belsky, Chief Strategy Officer and EVP, Design and Emerging Products, Adobe. “We’re thrilled to partner with them on ways that generative AI can give our customers more creative options, speed their work and help scale content production.”

“Generative AI provides powerful new tools to empower unprecedented creativity,” said Greg Estes, VP, Corporate Marketing and Developer Programs, NVIDIA. “With NVIDIA Picasso and Adobe tools like Creative Cloud, we’ll be able to bring the transformational capabilities of generative AI to enterprises to help them explore more ideas to efficiently produce and scale incredible creative content and digital experiences.”

Adobe Firefly

Earlier today, Adobe introduced Adobe Firefly, Adobe’s new family of creative generative AI models, and unveiled the beta of its first model focused on the generation of images and text effects designed to be safe for commercial use. Firefly will bring even more precision, power, speed, and ease directly into Adobe Creative Cloud, Adobe Document Cloud, and Adobe Experience Cloud workflows that involve the creation and modification of content.

Hosting some of Adobe Firefly’s models on NVIDIA Picasso will optimize performance and generate high-quality assets to meet customers’ expectations. (For more information on Firefly, including how it is trained and how it honors the role of creators, please see this blog post.)

Adobe is also developing new generative AI services to assist in the creation of video and 3D assets and to help marketers scale and personalize content for digital experiences through advancing end-to-end marketing workflows.

Content Authenticity Initiative

Adobe founded the Content Authenticity Initiative (CAI) to develop open industry standards for establishing attribution and Content Credentials. Through Content Credentials that CAI adds to content at the point of capture, creation, edit, or generation, people will have a way to see if content was generated or modified using generative AI. Adobe and NVIDIA, along with 900 other members of the CAI, support Content Credentials so people can make informed decisions about the content they encounter.

About NVIDIA

Since its founding in 1993, NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) has been a pioneer in accelerated computing. The company’s invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined computer graphics, ignited the era of modern AI and is fueling the creation of the metaverse. NVIDIA is now a full-stack computing company with data-center-scale offerings that are reshaping industry. More information at https://nvidianews.nvidia.com/.

About Adobe

Adobe is changing the world through digital experiences. For more information, visit www.adobe.com.

Certain statements in this press release including, but not limited to, statements as to: the benefits, impact, performance, availability and features of NVIDIA’s partnership with Adobe to co-develop a new generation of advanced generative AI models with a focus on deep integration into applications the world’s leading creators and marketers use; and the benefits, impact, performance, features and availability of NVIDIA’s products, and technologies, including NVIDIA AI Foundations cloud services including the NVIDIA Picasso cloud service; NVIDIA Picasso hosting some of Adobe Firefly’s models to optimize performance and generate high-quality assets to meet customers’ expectations, and the benefits, impact, performance, availability and features of this; and NVIDIA’s support of Content Credentials so people can make informed decisions about the content they encounter are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to be materially different than expectations. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: global economic conditions; NVIDIA’s reliance on third parties to manufacture, assemble, package and test NVIDIA’s products; the impact of technological development and competition; development of new products and technologies or enhancements to NVIDIA’s existing product and technologies; market acceptance of NVIDIA’s products or NVIDIA’s partners' products; design, manufacturing or software defects; changes in consumer preferences or demands; changes in industry standards and interfaces; unexpected loss of performance of NVIDIA’s products or technologies when integrated into systems; as well as other factors detailed from time to time in the most recent reports NVIDIA files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including, but not limited to, its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Copies of reports filed with the SEC are posted on the company's website and are available from NVIDIA without charge. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as required by law, NVIDIA disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances.

© 2023 Adobe. All rights reserved. Adobe and the Adobe logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe in the United States and/or other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.

© 2023 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved. NVIDIA, and the NVIDIA logo are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. Other company and product names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated. Features, pricing, availability, and specifications are subject to change without notice.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230321005579/en/