


        Q4 and Full Year 2022
      

        Financial Results and Business Update
      

        February 15, 2023
      




          Non-GAAP financial information
        

          This presentation and the discussions during this conference call include certain financial measures that were not prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (GAAP), including adjusted net income, adjusted diluted earnings per share, revenue growth at constant currency, which excludes the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates and hedging gains or losses, and free cash flow, which is defined as net cash flow from operations less capital expenditures. Additional information regarding the GAAP and Non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of the GAAP to Non-GAAP financial measures can be found on slides 50-54 of this presentation and in the Q4 2022 earnings release and related financial tables posted on the Investors section of Biogen.com. We believe that these and other Non-GAAP financial measures provide additional insight into the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage our business internally, set operational goals, and form the basis of our management incentive programs. Non- GAAP financial measures are in addition to, not a substitute for, or superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP.
        

          We do not provide guidance for GAAP reported financial measures (other than revenue) or a reconciliation of forward-lookingNon-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP reported financial measures because we are unable to predict with reasonable certainty the financial impact of items such as the transaction, integration, and other costs related to acquisitions or business development transactions; unusual gains and losses; potential future asset impairments; gains and losses from our equity security investments; and the ultimate outcome of litigation. These items are uncertain, depend on various factors, and could have a material impact on GAAP reported results for the guidance period. For the same reasons, we are unable to address the significance of the unavailable information, which could be material to future results.
        

          Note regarding trademarks: ADUHELM®, AVONEX®, PLEGRIDY®, RITUXAN®, RITUXAN HYCELA®, SPINRAZA®, TECFIDERA®, TYSABRI® and VUMERITY® are registered trademarks of Biogen. BENEPALI™, BYOOVIZ™, FLIXABI™, FUMADERM™, IMRALDI™ are trademarks of Biogen. The following are trademarks of the respective companies listed: LEQEMBI™ - Eisai Co., Ltd.; GAZYVA® and OCREVUS® - Genentech, Inc. Other trademarks referenced in this presentation are the property of their respective owners.
        



          2
        





          Forward-looking statements
        

          This presentation and the discussions during this conference call contain forward-looking statements, relating to: our strategy and plans; potential of, and expectations for, our commercial business and pipeline programs; capital allocation and investment strategy; clinical development programs, clinical trials, and data readouts and presentations;
        

          regulatory discussions, submissions, filings, and approvals; the potential benefits, safety, and efficacy of our and our collaboration partners' products and investigational therapies; the anticipated benefits and potential of investments, optimization of the cost structure, actions to improve risk profile and productivity of R&D pipeline, collaborations, and business development activities; our future financial and operating results; 2023 financial guidance. These forward-looking statements may be accompanied by such words as "aim," "anticipate," "believe," "could," "estimate," "expect," "forecast," "goal," "intend," "may," "plan," "potential," "possible," "prospect," "will," "would," and other words and terms of similar meaning. Drug development and commercialization involve a high degree of risk, and only a small number of research and development programs result in commercialization of a
        

          product. Results in early-stage clinical trials may not be indicative of full results or results from later stage or larger scale clinical trials and do not ensure regulatory approval. You should not place undue reliance on these statements.
        

          These statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such statements, including: our dependence on sales from our products; uncertainty of long-term success in developing, licensing, or acquiring other product candidates or additional indications for existing products; failure to compete effectively due to significant product competition in the markets for our products; failure to successfully execute or realize the anticipated benefits of our strategic and growth initiatives; difficulties in obtaining and maintaining adequate coverage, pricing, and reimbursement for our products; our dependence on collaborators, joint venture partners, and other third parties for the development, regulatory approval, and commercialization of products and other aspects of our business, which are outside of our full control; the potential impact of the conflict in Ukraine; risks associated with current and potential future healthcare reforms; risks related to commercialization of biosimilars; failure to obtain, protect, and enforce our data, intellectual property, and other proprietary rights and the risks and uncertainties relating to intellectual property claims and challenges; the risk that positive results in a clinical trial may not be replicated in subsequent or confirmatory trials or success in early stage clinical trials may not be predictive of results in later stage or large scale clinical trials or trials in other potential indications; risks associated with clinical trials, including our ability to adequately manage clinical activities, unexpected concerns that may arise from additional data or analysis obtained during clinical trials, regulatory authorities may require additional information or further studies, or may fail to approve or may delay approval of our drug candidates; the occurrence of adverse safety events, restrictions on use with our products, or product liability claims; risks relating to technology failures or breaches; problems with our manufacturing processes; risks relating to management and personnel changes, including attracting and retaining personnel; failure to comply with legal and regulatory requirements; the risks of doing business internationally, including currency exchange rate fluctuations; risks relating to investment in our manufacturing capacity; the direct and indirect impacts of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our business; risks relating to the distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit or unfit versions of our products; risks relating to the use of social media for our business; results of operations, and financial condition; fluctuations in our operating results; risks related to investment in properties; the market, interest, and credit risks associated with our investment portfolio; risks relating to share repurchase programs; risks relating to access to capital and credit markets; risks related to indebtedness; change in control provisions in certain of our collaboration agreements; fluctuations in our effective tax rate; environmental risks; and any other risks and uncertainties that are described in other reports we have filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
        

          These statements speak only as of the date of this presentation. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.
        



          3
        





          Q4 and full year 2022 earnings call agenda
        




            Introduction
          

            Opening
          

            Financial Results
          

            Business Priorities
          

            R&D Update
          

            2023 Guidance
          



            Michael Hencke
          

            Head of Investor Relations
          

            Christopher A. Viehbacher
          

            President and Chief Executive Officer
          

            Michael McDonnell
          

            Chief Financial Officer
          

            Christopher A. Viehbacher
          

            President and Chief Executive Officer
          

            Priya Singhal, M.D., M.P.H.
          

            Head of Development
          

            Interim Head of Research & Global Safety and Regulatory Sciences
          

            Michael McDonnell
          

            Chief Financial Officer
          




          4
        





          Opening
        

          Christopher A. Viehbacher
        

          President and Chief Executive Officer
        



          5
        

This is an excerpt of the original content. To continue reading it, access the original document here.
Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
Biogen Inc. published this content on 15 February 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 15 February 2023 12:06:02 UTC.
      

