NEW ZEALAND VISA FOR NORWEGIAN CITIZENSThe New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority (NZeTA) is an electronic visa waiver that was launched in July 2019. Norwegian passport holders can use the New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority (NZeTA) to enter New Zealand without obtaining a New Zealand visa from Norway for a period of 90 days under the Visa Waiver Scheme, which was introduced in 2019 for Norwegian citizens and New Zealand transiting to another destination may apply for an NZeTA transit visa waiver before departure. NZeTA is an e-visa waiver required for eligible Norwegian citizens wishing to travel to New Zealand. The New Zealand visa waiver is mandatory for citizens of 60 visa-waiver nationalities, including Norwegian passport holders. It allows eligible citizens to travel to New Zealand for tourism, business or transit purposes without having to worry about presenting visa documentation at an embassy. It is easy and simple for Norwegian passport holders to obtain a valid New Zealand eTA before visiting the country. The NZeTA grants multiple entry to holders up to 90 consecutive days each within its 2-year validity provided the passport used on the application form is still valid. Because the travel authorization is an electronic document, Norwegians can apply for an NZeTA online, eliminating the need to visit an embassy or consulate.WHAT ARE THE REQUIREMENTS FOR A NEW ZEALAND ETA?  *Valid passport - what you should do before you proceed to fill in the application form is to make sure that the passport remains valid for at least another 6 months from the date of arrival in New Zealand. It should also have one blank page available for stamping *Travel dates - Your arrival and departure dates *E-mail address - after you submit your application, you will receive a confirmation with a reference number via e-mail. You will need it when you arrive in New Zealand. You can print it out or keep it on your phone *Means of online payment - You can use a credit or debit card, but if you want, you can use PayPal. NEW ZEALAND VISA FOR SWISS CITIZENSSince 2019, the New Zealand eTA has been mandatory for visa-exempt visitors, including Swiss citizens. The New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority (NZeTA) is an electronic visa waiver that was launched in July 2019. As a Swiss citizen, it is very easy to visit New Zealand. Swiss citizens can now travel to New Zealand with the NZeTA, a digital travel authorization that is easily available online. All eligible travelers must apply for the New Zealand eTA visa waiver before visiting the country. The New Zealand visa waiver is mandatory for citizens of 60 visa-exempt nationalities, including Swiss passport holders. Swiss citizens with an approved NZeTA can visit New Zealand multiple times for a maximum of 90 consecutive days per stay without having to apply for a regular New Zealand tourist visa for the country. The New Zealand eTA allows multiple entries for a maximum stay of 90 consecutive days during its 2-year validity. Since the approved eTA is also electronically attached to the applicant's passport, there is no need to print the eTA. Swiss citizens who wish to stay in New Zealand for more than 3 months or for other travel reasons require a visa. Applicants only have to pay the IVL once during this period. It allows eligible citizens to travel to New Zealand for tourism, business or transit purposes without having to worry about presenting visa documentation at an embassy. Swiss citizens can now travel to New Zealand with NZeTA, an electronic travel authorization that you can easily obtain online from your smartphone or PC. Completing the NZeTA Visa Waiver Application takes about 10 minutes.eTA New Zealand Document Requirements for of Switzerland  *A Passport with at least 3 months of remaining validity after the date of intended exit from New Zealand. *A filled-out eTA New Zealand for Switzerland online application form. *A valid email address, to receive the NZeTA in their inbox. *You can use a credit or debit card to pay the eTA and IVL fees. NEW ZEALAND VISA FOR ICELAND CITIZENSA New Zealand ETA visa for Iceland is not optional but is a mandatory requirement for all Icelandic citizens traveling to the country for short stays. Since July 2019, Icelandic citizens have required a New Zealand eTA. The New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority is required for visa-exempt visitors, including Icelandic citizens. All eligible travelers must apply for the New Zealand eTA visa waiver before visiting the country. The New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority caters to foreigners visiting the country on holiday or attending business meetings and other events. The New Zealand eTA allows multiple entries for a maximum stay of 90 consecutive days during its 2-year validity. Icelandic citizens with an approved NZeTA can visit New Zealand multiple times for a maximum of 90 consecutive days per stay without having to apply for a regular New Zealand tourist visa to the country. If Icelandic citizens intend to stay longer, they must apply for a visa appropriate to their circumstances. Applicants only have to pay the IVL once during this period. Icelandic citizens can now travel to New Zealand with NZeTA, an Electronic Travel Authorization that you can easily obtain online from your smartphone or PC.New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority (NZeTA) Requirements for Icelandic Citizens  *A valid travel document or passport in order to apply for (NZeTA). *A valid credit/debit card or PayPal account to pay for the (NZeTA) fees. *A valid email address, to receive the NZeTA in their Inbox. NEW ZEALAND VISA FOR BAHRAIN CITIZENSThe New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority is designed for foreigners visiting the country on holiday or attending business meetings and other events. A New Zealand ETA visa for Bahrain is not optional, but a mandatory requirement for all Bahrain citizens traveling to the country for short stays. Since July 2019, Bahrain citizens are required to have an eTA for New Zealand. The New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority is required for visa-exempt visitors, including Bahrain citizens. All eligible travelers must apply for the New Zealand eTA visa waiver before visiting the country. If you are a citizen of Bahrain and planning to visit New Zealand in 2022, you should know how to get a visa for this country. The New Zealand eTA allows multiple entries for a maximum stay of 90 consecutive days during its 2-year validity. Bahrain citizens with an approved NZeTA can visit New Zealand multiple times for a maximum of 90 consecutive days per stay without having to apply for a regular New Zealand tourist visa to the country. If Bahrain citizens intend to stay longer, they must apply for a visa appropriate to their circumstances. Applicants only have to pay the IVL once during this period. Bahrain citizens can now travel to New Zealand with NZeTA, an Electronic Travel Authorization that you can easily obtain online from your smartphone or PC.What are the requirements of New Zealand Visa from Bahrain?  *A valid travel document or passport in order to apply for New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority (NZeTA). *A valid credit or debit card or PayPal account to pay the New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority (NzeTA) fees *A valid email address, to receive the NZeTA in their inbox. NEW ZEALAND VISA FROM BELGIUMTraveling to New Zealand has now become easier for foreign tourists since the New Zealand authorities introduced the New Zealand Electronic Travel Authorization (eTA) for visa-exempt citizens. Belgian citizens wishing to visit New Zealand on short-term for tourism or business need a New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority (NZeTA). Belgian passport holders can travel visa-free to 184 countries, including New Zealand. From October 1, 2019, Belgian citizens must have a valid eTA to visit the country. The same applies to eTA NZ for cruise travelers. The New Zealand eTA is not a visa, meaning Belgians are still visa-free. However, obtaining electronic authorization prior to departure is a mandatory requirement for travel. The New Zealand eTA for Belgian citizens is valid for a period of 2 years, with each maximum stay not exceeding a total of 90 consecutive days. However, the IVL is only paid once (upon submission of the eTA application) during the entire validity period of the New Zealand eTA. The online application for the NZeTA for Belgium is quick and easy to complete by answering a few basic personal questions. Once approved, the applicant will receive the NZeTA by email.Document Requirements for Citizens of Belgian  A passport valid for 3 additional months after the intended exit from New Zealand A filled-out online application form of the NZeTA for Belgium You can do NZeTA and IVL payment by using credit or debit card A Valid email address to receive the NZeTA in their Inbox. Media ContactCompany Name: NEW ZEALAND OfficialContact Person: MUKESH SHARMA ShellyEmail: info@newzealand-visas.orgPhone: +880 31-652225Address:2293/A Zakir Hossain Rd, ChattogramCountry: BangladeshWebsite: www.new-zealand-visa.co.nz/bn/visa/Source: www.abnewswire.com.(C) 2023 M2 COMMUNICATIONS, source M2 PressWIRE