Tel Aviv - Jeffs Brands Ltd (the 'Company' or 'Jeffs' Brands') (Nasdaq: JFBR), a data-driven e-commerce company operating on the Amazon Marketplace, today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement (the 'Agreement') with SciSparc Ltd. ('SciSparc') (Nasdaq: SPRC), to purchase from it approximately 49% of the outstanding capital stock of SciSparc Nutraceuticals Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of SciSparc that owns Wellution TM, a top-selling Amazon.com Marketplace food supplements and cosmetics brand, for $2.5 million in cash.The stock interest of Jeffs' Brands in the Subsidiary is expected to be held by a wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary of Jeffs' Brands. In addition, the Agreement also includes a mutual share exchange between SciSparc and the Company of restricted shares (the 'Share'), in the total amount of $300,000. The number of shares in the share exchange will be calculated based on the average closing price of the relevant company's shares for 30 consecutive trading days ending on the third trading day immediately prior to closing the transaction. The closing of the transaction is subject to certain customary conditions and is expected to be completed within seven business days. At closing, the Company and the Subsidiary will enter into a consulting agreement by which the Company will provide management services for the Brand for a monthly fee of $20,000. The agreement is for an undefined period of time, and may be terminated by either party with 30-days' advance notice.The Brand is profitable with millions of dollars in gross annual sales on the Amazon market place.The Brand sells dozens of hemp-based, top-ranked products, including hemp gummies, hemp oil capsules, hemp gel, hemp cream, detox pills, height pills, antibacterial creams, and anti-aging creams, among other beauty and hair treatment products that are all manufactured in the United States.The Brand offers eight variations of natural hemp candy supplements under two parent Amazon Standard Identification Number (each, an 'ASIN') on Amazon that are differentiated by their hemp oil potency. The leading parent ASIN, that was launched in 2019, has received over 26,500 reviews and has consistently ranked as the #1 best seller in the category. In total, the Brand had approximately 40,000 product reviews to date, most of which are 4 and 5-star reviews.Mr. Oz Adler, the Chairman and a director of the Company is the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of SciSparc, Mr. Amitai Weiss, the Chairman of SciSparc, is a director of Jeff's Brands, and Mr. Moshe Revach is a member of the board of directors of the Company and SciSparc.The Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 'Securities Act'), or any states' securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States, except pursuant to an effective registration statement or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.About Jeffs' Brands LtdJeffs' Brands is transforming the world of e-commerce by creating and acquiring products and turning them into market leaders, tapping into vast, unrealized growth potential. Through our stellar team's insight into the FBA Amazon business model, we're using both human capability and advanced technology to take products to the next level.About SciSparc Ltd.SciSparc Ltd. is a specialty clinical-stage pharmaceutical company led by an experienced team of senior executives and scientists. SciSparc's focus is on creating and enhancing a portfolio of technologies and assets based on cannabinoid pharmaceuticals. With this focus, the Company is currently engaged in the following drug development programs based on THC and/or non-psychoactive cannabidiol (CBD): SCI-110 for the treatment of Tourette Syndrome, for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease and agitation; SCI-160 for the treatment of pain and SCI-210 for the treatment of autism spectrum disorder and status epilepticus.Forward-Looking Statement DisclaimerThis press release contains 'forward-looking statements' within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that are intended to be covered by the 'safe harbor' created by those sections. Forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies and expectations, can generally be identified by the use of forward-looking terms such as 'believe,' 'expect,' 'may,' 'should,' 'could,' 'seek,' 'intend,' 'plan,' 'goal,' 'estimate,' 'anticipate' or other comparable terms. For example, we are using forward-looking statements when we are discussing the Company's expectations regarding the closing of the transaction and the satisfaction of customary closing conditions related to the transaction. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: our ability to adapt to significant future alterations in Amazon's policies; our ability to sell our existing products and grow our brands and product offerings, including by acquiring new brands; our ability to meet our expectations regarding the revenue growth and the demand for e-commerce; the overall global economic environment; the impact of competition and new e-commerce technologies; general market, political and economic conditions in the countries in which we operate; projected capital expenditures and liquidity; the impact of possible changes in Amazon's policies and terms of use and the other risks and uncertainties described in the Registration Statement on Form F-1, as amended, filed with the SEC related to our initial public offering and our other filings with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.Contact:Michal EfratyTel: +972-(0)52-3044404Email: michal@efraty.com(C) 2023 Electronic News Publishing, source ENP Newswire