


        The secret's out. Thanks to ChatGPT, everyone knows about the power of modern AI.
      

        To find out what's coming next, tune in to NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang's keynote address at NVIDIA GTC on Tuesday, March 21, at 8 a.m. Pacific.
      

        Huang will share his vision for the future of AI and how NVIDIA is accelerating it with breakthrough technologies and solutions. There couldn't be a better time to get ready for what's to come.
      

        NVIDIA is a pioneer and leader in AI thanks to its powerful graphics processing units that have enabled new computing models like accelerated computing.
      

        NVIDIA GPUs sparked the modern AI revolution by making deep neural networks faster and more efficient.
      

        Today, NVIDIA GPUs power AI applications in every industry, from computer vision to natural language processing, from robotics to healthcare, and from gaming to chatbots.
      

        GTC, which runs online March 20-23, is the conference for AI and the metaverse. It features more than 650 sessions on deep learning, computer vision, natural language processing, robotics, healthcare, gaming and more.
      

        Speakers from Adobe, Amazon, Autodesk, Deloitte, Ford Motor, Google, IBM, Jaguar Land Rover, Lenovo, Meta, Netflix, Nike, OpenAI, Pfizer, Pixar, Subaru and more will all discuss their latest work.
      

        Don't miss out on talks from leaders such aas Demis Hassabis of DeepMind, Valeri Taylor of Argonne Labs, Scott Belsky of Adobe, Paul Debevec of Netflix, Thomas Schulthess of ETH Zurich, and a special fireside chat between Huang and Ilya Sutskever, co-founder of OpenAI, the creator of ChatGPT.
      

        You can watch the keynote live or on demand. Register for free at https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/gtc/.
      

        You can also join the conversation on social media using #GTC23.
      

Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
Nvidia Corporation published this content on 16 March 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 17 March 2023 08:15:08 UTC.
      

