


        Marriott International, Inc., recently announced that it has signed an agreement with China Central Place, Suzhou to bring The Ritz-Carlton and Marriott Executive Apartments brands to Suzhou, a major city in Eastern China. The two complex properties plan to open at the end of 2024 and in the middle of 2025, respectively.
      

        "Under the 'Brand + Destination' development strategy - matching destinations with brand debuts and entries, we are delighted to announce the new signings with Suzhou Chunji Real Estate Development," said Gavin Yu, Chief Development Officer, Greater China, Marriott International. "The dual-branded properties will cater to the growing guest demand for differentiated experiences."
      

        Suzhou is home to a number of UNESCO World Heritage Sites, such as the Lingering Garden, Tiger Hill, and Humble Administrator's Garden. All are located in close proximity to China Central Place, Suzhou, a newly built, mixed-use development that will bring together hotels, residences, retail, and offices. The development, of which the two new properties will serve as key components, is conveniently situated within walking distance to the Shilu Subway Station and 2.5 kilometers to Suzhou Railway Station.
      

        The Ritz-Carlton, Suzhou is expected to open in December 2024, setting a new benchmark in the luxury hospitality sector featuring the brand's renowned service. Designed by Remedios Studio, an internationally acclaimed interior design firm, the hotel plans to feature 190 elegantly appointed guestrooms and suites. The hotel is set to offer a range of dining options including a specialty restaurant with an open kitchen, a Chinese restaurant, a destination bar, and a lobby lounge. Plans for recreational amenities will include an indoor swimming pool, a fitness center, and signature Ritz-Carlton Spa with four treatment rooms. In addition, the hotel is expected to offer 735-square-meters of well-equipped conference and event facilities, including a 508-square-meter ballroom.
      

        Set to open in June 2025, Marriott Executive Apartments Suzhou aims to meet travelers' long-stay lodging needs by providing an elevated serviced apartment experience. The new property is anticipated to feature 270 modern residential apartments - offering space, ambience, and the privacy of residential living, enabling a comfortable stay away from home. It is slated to feature spacious 1- and 2-bedroom apartments with separate sleeping, living, and working areas. Additional planned facilities include a 31-square-meter meeting room, as well as the Residents Lounge, a cozy space that serves breakfast and evening cocktails, allowing guests to work, socialize and unwind.
      

        "We are pleased to announce our signing with Marriott International," said Mr. Wang Honglun, Co-President, Huamao Group. "We are confident that this project will be a prime example of business excellence, elevating our hospitality offerings to world-class levels for locals and travelers alike."
      

        In Suzhou, Marriott International currently operates 15 hotels across eight brands, including W Hotels, Marriott Hotels, Renaissance Hotels, Le Méridien Hotels & Resorts, Four Points by Sheraton, Element by Westin, Courtyard by Marriott, and Fairfield by Marriott.
      

About Marriott International
        Marriott International, Inc., (NASDAQ: MAR) is based in Bethesda, Maryland, USA, and encompasses a portfolio of nearly 8,200 properties under 30 leading brands spanning 138 countries and territories. Marriott operates and franchises hotels and licenses vacation ownership resorts all around the world. The company offers Marriott Bonvoy®, its highly awarded travel program. For more information, please visit our website at www.Marriott.com. In addition, connect with us on Facebook and @MarriottIntl on Twitter and Instagram.
      

About The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company, LLC
        The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company, L.L.C. currently operates more than 100 hotels in 34 countries and territories. For more information or reservations, visit the company web site at www.ritzcarlton.com, for the latest company updates, visit news.marriott.com and to join the live conversation, use #RCMemories and follow along on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company, L.L.C. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Marriott International, Inc. (NASDAQ:MAR). The Ritz-Carlton is proud to participate in Marriott Bonvoy®, the global travel program from Marriott International. The program offers members an extraordinary portfolio of global brands, exclusive experiences on Marriott Bonvoy Moments and unparalleled benefits including complimentary nights and Elite status recognition. To enroll for free or for more information about the program, visit marriottbonvoy.com.
      

About Marriott Executive Apartments®
        Marriott Executive Apartments® offer an elevated serviced apartment experience in more than 15 locations worldwide, designed to meet the corporate traveler's long stay lodging needs. These elegant studios, 1-, 2- and 3-bedroom apartments are located in the heart of business, shopping and entertainment districts. They offer all the comfort guests would expect from Marriott, with separate sleeping, living and working areas, gourmet kitchens and features such as fitness and business centers, housekeeping and dedicated staff and security 24 hours a day. Most Marriott Executive Apartments can be found in gateway cities of emerging economies, primarily in the Middle East and Africa, Europe, South America, and Asia. Members of the Marriott Bonvoy® global travel program can earn points on their stay at Marriott Executive Apartments, redeemable across Marriott Bonvoy's portfolio of extraordinary hotel brands.
      

Media Contact
        Jessica Zhou
        Senior Director, Communications, Greater China
        Marriott International
        Jessica.Zhou@marriott.com
      

        Christina Zhou
        Executive, Communications, Greater China
        Marriott International
Christina.Zhou3@marriott.com


Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
Marriott International Inc. published this content on 07 February 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 07 February 2023 17:08:05 UTC.
      

