CANADA VISA FOR DUTCH CITIZENSNetherlands citizens do not need a visa to visit Canada. The Electronic Travel Authorization (eTA) was introduced by Canadian authorities in 2015 to more efficiently screen foreign travelers prior to entry. To qualify for an eTA, applicants must meet all eTA requirements for Dutch citizens. One of those requirements is that they have an electronic passport that is machine-readable. This is because the Netherlands is one of 50 visa-free countries whose citizens can enter Canada simply by presenting their passport at the border. Netherlands citizens are required to apply for a Canada eTA visa to enter Canada for short-term visits for tourism, business, transit or medical purposes. The Canadian eTA for Dutch citizens is easy to apply online. The eTA is valid for a period of five years from the date of issue and allows the holder multiple entries into Canada, which is much more convenient than the previous single-entry visa system. Individual visits can last up to six months and are decided by immigration officers at the border and recorded in the visitor's passport. The eTA Canada application form can be completed from the applicant's home or office, eliminating the need for in-person visits.Requirements for Canada Visa for the citizens of DUTCH  *Passport - A valid travel document or passport with at least another 6 months of validity from the date of arrival in the Canadian territory. *E-mail address - A valid email address, to receive the Canada eTA in their inbox. *Means of payment - You can use a valid credit or debit card or PayPal account to pay for the Canada eTA.  CANADA VISA FOR PORTUGUESE CITIZENSPortuguese citizens must apply for a Canada eTA visa to enter Canada on short-term basis for general tourism, business, transit or medical purposes. This process has been incredibly easy since 2016 when the Canadian government introduced the Canadian eTA (Electronic Travel Authorization), an electronic visa waiver that allows Portuguese citizens multiple entries for a 6-month stay with each entry during its validity. Portuguese citizens traveling to Canada for up to 180 days do not need a visa to enter the country but must obtain travel authorization in advance. An eTA visa waiver for Canada eTA from Portugal is valid for a period of 5 years or until the expiry date of the traveler's passport. It allows multiple entries into Canada through any of the country's airports during this period, but not entry into the country through a land or sea border. However, a Portuguese citizen can stay in the country for a maximum of 180 days on each entry. For longer stays, travelers must apply for a different type of Canada visa. The Canadian ETA will be linked to the traveler's Portuguese Passport and is read by electronic immigration machines at the border upon arrival. The eTA Canada for Portuguese citizens was introduced to speed up the process of obtaining a Canada visa waiver from Portugal and can be conveniently applied for by the traveler own home. The ETA application for Portuguese citizens is a simple process and involves completing a Canadian ETA application form online.Requirements for Canada Visa for Portuguese Citizens  *A bio-metric Portuguese passport, valid for at least 6 months from the proposed date of arrival in Canada. *An application form which is completed online, and which includes personal details such as the traveler's full name and date of birth, as well as your Portuguese passport number, date of issue, and date of expiry. *Online payment via credit or debit card is required before the travel authorization approval process can begin. *An email address is required to finalize the application and to receive communication about the eTA's approval.  CANADA VISA FOR POLAND CITIZENSAll Polish citizens wishing to travel to Canada must apply for a visa waiver or visa prior to arrival in the country. Like many other nationalities, Polish citizens do not need to apply for a visa when visiting Canada for short stays. However, if you plan to travel by air, you must obtain a Canadian ETA prior to departure. The eTA for Polish citizens was introduced by the Canadian government in 2016 to facilitate the process of obtaining a travel authorization to the country. Travelers traveling to Canada for up to 180 days can submit a simple online application to receive an approved eTA electronically linked to their passport. Polish citizens must apply for a Canada eTA visa to enter Canada for tourism, business, transit or medical purposes. Once an electronic permit has been issued, it is automatically linked electronically to the traveler's passport. An approved Canadian eTA is valid for 5 years (or until the associated passport expires, whichever comes first). The application process only takes a few minutes. Polish citizens can now apply for a Canadian eTA (Electronic Travel Authorization) online, eliminating the need to personally apply for a document to enter the country at an Embassy or Consulate.Canada Online Visa Requirements for Poland Citizens  *Passport - to acquire a Canada ETA your passport needs to remain valid for at least another 6 months from your date of departure. Otherwise, your ETA could be rejected. *E-mail address - Provide a valid email address because your ETA and any news about it will arrive in your e-mail. *Means of payment - before submitting your application, you will be asked to make the payment. So, use your credit/debit card.  CANADA VISA FOR SOUTH KOREA CITIZENSOnly travelers entering Canada by air may apply for an Electronic Travel Authorization for Canada. This means that you do not need a visa for Canada. The Canadian eTA is available to citizens of South Korea. Canada's Immigration Service began using the eTA in 2015 to verify the eligibility of foreign visitors to Canada and to expedite the eTA application process. South Korean passport holders can travel to Canada under the Canadian visa waiver. Canada has introduced the Electronic Travel Authorization (Canadian eTA online) as a visa replacement. The eTA allows Canadian authorities to pre-screen foreign travelers and makes it easier for South Koreans to enter Canada. The eTA for South Korean citizens is intended for visitors traveling to Canada for tourism or business purposes, transiting through Canada to another destination, and traveling to Canada for treatment or medical consultation. Travelers may stay up to 6 months during each trip and may enter Canada multiple times within a 5-year period. The length of stay is recorded by the immigration authorities when the traveler arrives at the border and the expiration date is entered in the passport. The eTA application for South Korean citizens must be submitted at least 72 hours prior to travel to ensure the document is processed and the eTA is issued prior to travel.CANADIAN ETA REQUIREMENTS FOR SOUTH KOREAN CITIZENS  *A South Korean passport valid for at least 6 months from the date of travel *A valid credit or debit card to pay for the eTA fee *A current email address to receive the eTA in their Inbox. CANADA VISA FOR LATVIA CITIZENSThe Canadian government introduced the eTA in 2015 to reduce the bureaucracy previously required for a traditional visa. It is available to select countries whose citizens (including Latvians) are allowed to travel to Canada for short-term visits for tourism, business or transit purposes. Latvian citizens interested in traveling to Canada are eligible to obtain the Canadian Electronic Travel Authorization (eTA). Canada's visa policy allows numerous nationalities to cross the border without a visa, and citizens of Latvia are among them. The Canadian eTA is not optional but is required for all Latvian citizens traveling to the country for short stays. The Electronic Travel Authorization (ETA) is an electronic system that gives certain travelers legal permission to travel to Canada. The Canadian eTA is an online multiple entry visa waiver. It is valid for 5 years and allows Latvian visitors to stay in the country for 6 months on each visit. The Electronic Travel Authorization is linked to the traveler's passport and is not transferable to a new document. This means that if a passport expires before the 5 years allowed for the Canadian eTA, that travel authorization will also expire. Eligible Latvians can proceed to the Canada eTA application form. This form is a simple questionnaire that will take approximately 15-20 minutes to complete.WHAT ARE THE REQUIREMENTS?  Valid Passport: You cannot apply for an ETA from Canada if you do not have a valid passport. This document must be valid for at least 6 months from the date of flight Email address: You must provide a valid email address as the ETA confirmation will be emailed in PDF format. The ETA is electronically linked to your passport, but you still need to keep a physical copy. Payment Methods: You can use a credit or debit cards, but you can also use PayPal to pay for the eTA fees. Media ContactCompany Name: CANADA OfficialContact Person: Ginto Perathu RustamEmail: info@canadavisaonline.orgPhone: +1 213-617-6700Address:350 S Grand Ave 1700City: Los AngelesCountry: United StatesWebsite: www.canada-visa-online.org/ha/visa/Source: www.abnewswire.com.(C) 2023 M2 COMMUNICATIONS, source M2 PressWIRE