NEW ZEALAND VISA FOR MALAYSIAN CITIZENSMalaysians must register online for a New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority. New Zealand's eTA is helping to make the country a safe travel destination for Malaysians. By pre-screening foreign nationals entering the country without a visa, potential threats can be identified and prevented from crossing the border. Visa-free access is allowed for tourism purposes and business activities. Malaysian citizens do not need a visa to travel to New Zealand for up to 90 days. However, in order to enter the country without a visa, Malaysians need an Electronic Travel Authorization. The NZeTA allows Malaysian citizens to travel to New Zealand without a visa. Malaysian citizens wishing to stay in New Zealand for more than 3 months or for other travel purposes require a visa. The online NZeTA application process is quick and easy. The application process only takes a few minutes and can be done from home.WHAT ARE THE DOCUMENTS REQUIRED TO APPLY?  *A current passport that is valid for at least six months upon arrival. *A valid email address, to receive the NZeTA in their Inbox. *Arrival and departure dates. *You can use a Credit/Debit Card or PayPal Account to pay for the New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority (NZeTA) NEW ZEALAND VISA FOR DANISH CITIZENSNew Zealand is perhaps one of the most unspoiled countries in the world with an abundance of natural beauty. Combine this scenic beauty with a modern lifestyle and access to technology, and New Zealand becomes a truly unique destination in its own right. Since July 2019, Danish citizens have required an eTA from the New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority (NZeTA) to enter New Zealand without obtaining a New Zealand visa from Denmark for a period of 90 days under the Scheme Visa Waiver System introduced in 2009. The New Zealand eTA is a multiple entry visa that allows visa waiver holders from Denmark to visit the country multiple times over a two-year period. Danish citizens are eligible to apply for an NZeTA due to the visa waiver agreements Denmark has with the New Zealand government. Danish citizens can apply for a variety of different visas to travel to New Zealand. The maximum allowable length of stay on a New Zealand visa waiver is 90 days for Danish travelers. The process of obtaining a New Zealand eTA or New Zealand visa waiver is very simple and only takes a few minutes using a computer, mobile phone or tablet with a good internet connection. Since the entire application process takes place online, Danish travelers can avoid going to the local New Zealand embassy or consulate to obtain a visa.Requirements for the NZeTA for Danish Citizens  *Having a valid passport issued by the Danish government. *The passport should have a validity of at least 3 months beyond the date of departure from New Zealand. *Having a valid debit/credit card information to pay the online processing fee and the tourist tax. *Having a current email address to receive updates and notifications regarding the status of the NZeTA application. *Applicants of Denmark must have a clean criminal and immigration record *Danish citizens must also have sound health when applying for their NZeTA unless they are traveling to the country for medical treatment or consultation. NEW ZEALAND VISA FOR ISRAELI CITIZENSNew Zealand is one of the most desirable travel destinations in the world. With its snow-capped mountains, ancient glaciers, rolling hills and abundant wine, it's a destination like no other. Tucked away in the corner of the world, it's a country that requires some planning to visit. Most people will need to apply for a visa or ETA, if you are visa waiver you will need to apply for a New Zealand ETA. The New Zealand visa waiver is mandatory for citizens of 60 visa-waiver nationalities, including Israeli passport holders. The New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority (eTA) was launched by the New Zealand government on 1 October 2019. Israeli citizens visiting New Zealand for tourism purposes and planning a stay of less than 90 days are eligible to apply for a New Zealand Tourist eTA. The NZeTA allows eligible citizens to travel to New Zealand for tourism, business or transit purposes without having to apply for a visa at an embassy.WHAT ARE THE REQUIREMENTS FOR A NEW ZEALAND ETA FOR THE CITIZENS OF ISRAEL?  *Valid passport: Make sure that the passport remains valid for at least another 6 months from the date of arrival in New Zealand. It should also have one blank page available for stamping. *Travel dates: Your arrival and departure dates. *E-mail address: You will receive confirmation reference number via email. You will need it when you arrive in New Zealand. You can print it out or keep it on your phone. *Payment: You can use a credit or debit card to pay for the NZeTA fees. NEW ZEALAND VISA FOR NORWEGIAN CITIZENSNew Zealand is not a distant dreamland that should linger in the imagination of travelers. It's easy to get to and your voyage across the Pacific will reward you with many incredible attractions and local treasures. NZeTA is an electronic visa waiver required for eligible Norwegian citizens wishing to travel to New Zealand. The New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority is also required for citizens of all other NZeTA eligible countries when traveling in the appropriate circumstances. Norwegian citizens transiting through New Zealand en route to another Destination may need to apply for an NZeTA transit visa waiver prior to departure. Norwegian passport holders can use the New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority (NZeTA) to enter New Zealand without obtaining a New Zealand visa from Norway for a period of 90 days under the Visa Waiver Scheme which was introduced in 2019. It is easy and simple for Norwegian passport holders to obtain a valid New Zealand eTA before visiting the country. Norwegian passport holders visiting New Zealand for tourism, business or transit purposes with an intended stay of 90 days or less require an NZeTA to enter the country. The NZeTA grants holders multiple entries of up to 90 consecutive days each within its 2-year validity, as long as the passport used in the application form remains valid. Because the travel authorization is an electronic document, Norwegians can apply for an NZeTA online, eliminating the need to visit an embassy or consulate.WHAT ARE THE REQUIREMENTS FOR A NEW ZEALAND ETA?  *Valid passport - what you should do before you proceed to fill in the application form is to make sure that the passport remains valid for at least another 6 months from the date of arrival in New Zealand. It should also have one blank page available for stamping *Travel dates - Your arrival and departure dates *E-mail address - after you submit your application, you will receive a confirmation with a reference number via e-mail. You will need it when you arrive in New Zealand. You can print it out or keep it on your phone *Means of online payment - You can use a credit or debit card, but if you want, you can use PayPal.  NZETA QUESTIONSWhat is the Visa Waiver Program?The Visa Waiver Program (VWP) allows citizens of certain countries (known as Visa Waiver Countries) that have a Visa Waiver Agreement with New Zealand to travel to New Zealand for tourism, study or business purposes for stays of up to 90 years to travel days (or up to 6 months for UK citizens) without obtaining a visa.Can I print my NZETA in black and white?Yes, you the visa can be printed in black and white.Is New Zealand Eta valid for multiple visits?Yes, New Zealand Electronic Travel Authorization (NZeTA) is valid for multiple entries during the period of its validity.Do I need a New Zealand eTA?There are about 60 nationalities that are allowed travel to New Zealand, these are called Visa-Free or Visa-Exempt. Nationals from these nationalities can travel/visit New Zealand without a visa for periods of up to 90 days.Media ContactCompany Name: NEW ZEALAND OfficialContact Person: Ginto Perathu ShellyEmail: info@newzealand-visas.orgPhone: +1 213-617-6700Address:350 S Grand Ave 1700City: Los AngelesCountry: United StatesWebsite: www.new-zealand-visa.co.nz/ha/visa/Source: www.abnewswire.com.(C) 2023 M2 COMMUNICATIONS, source M2 PressWIRE