US VISA FOR FINLAND CITIZENSFinnish passport holders planning a short visit are exempt from the US visa requirement. To take advantage of this visa waiver, go directly to the ESTA application and apply for an entry permit online. ESTA was established in 2009 to process the information of visitors entering the United States under the Visa Waiver Program (VWP). The US Electronic Travel Authorization System (also known as ESTA) was introduced by the US government in 2009 as part of the US Visa Waiver Program. An approved ESTA allows Finnish citizens to visit the United States for tourism, business, transit, medical, or short study purposes for up to 90 days per visit. If you plan to stay in the United States longer than 90 days, you must apply for a B1 business visa or a B2 tourist visa. Finnish citizens can use an approved ESTA for multiple visits to the United States. An approved ESTA lasts two years or until the expiry date of your passport. If your ESTA expires, you will need to apply for a new permit. This means Finnish visitors no longer need to make an in-person appointment at a US embassy or consulate and apply for a visa in person. The application takes less than 15 minutes to complete, and applicants can expect to receive their approved US ESTA electronically linked to their passport, usually within 2 business days, often much sooner.Us Esta Requirements For Finland Passport Holders  *A Valid Finland-issued passport. *A valid email address where the America government will send a copy of the approved America ESTA. *A Valid form of payment, such as a debit or credit card, to pay for the America ESTA processing fee. US VISA FOR GREEK CITIZENSGreece was added to the program in 2010, which resulted in Greek citizens having the opportunity to apply online. An approved ESTA allows Greek citizens to visit the United States for tourism, business, transit, medical, or short study purposes for up to 90 days per visit. As part of the Visa Waiver Program, Greek citizens can apply for an ESTA, which stands for Electronic System for Travel Authorization. ESTA was introduced in 2009 to process the data of visitors entering the United States under the Visa Waiver Program (VWP). If you plan to stay in the United States longer than 90 days, you must apply for a B1 business visa or a B2 tourist visa. Greek citizens can use an approved ESTA for multiple visits to the United States. An approved ESTA lasts two years or until the expiry date of your passport. If your ESTA expires, you will need to apply for a new permit. First, the ESTA application form must be filled in completely. The form consists of a simple series of direct questions about basic personal data that must be answered. It only takes 10-20 minutes to complete the application process.Requirements of US Visa for Greek citizens  *Passport - you need to have a valid passport when traveling abroad. For US ESTA, you need an electronic passport with an electronic chip that has bio-metric information. *Email address - your visa will be linked to your passport but you still need a printed copy to show at the immigration office once you arrive in the US. You will receive a copy through email in PDF format. Remember to print it out until you leave. *Payment system - You can use a credit/debit cards or a PayPal account.US VISA FOR HUNGARY CITIZENSAs part of the Visa Waiver Program, Hungarian citizens can apply for an ESTA, which stands for Electronic System for Travel Authorization. If you plan to stay in the United States longer than 90 days, you must apply for a B1 business visa or B2 tourist visa. ESTA was introduced in 2009 to process the data of visitors entering the United States on the visa waiver program (VWP). An approved ESTA allows Hungarian citizens to visit the United States for tourism, business, transit, medical, or short study purposes for up to 90 days per visit. The reasons for this trip must be business or tourism. Visas for job seekers, students, or those wishing to immigrate to the United States will continue to be issued by the United States Embassy. Hungarian citizens can use an approved ESTA for multiple visits to the United States. Minors and relatives of Hungarian applicants must have their own individual ESTA authorization. However, families traveling together can complete multiple authorizations at the same time with a family US ESTA. The program allows for a hassle-free online travel authorization application that can be completed in minutes.WHAT ARE THE REQUIREMENTS FOR HUNGARY CITIZENS?  *Passport using an electronic chip containing bio-metric info and no less than a 6-month validity from the planned date of entry. *Passport variety and Private Identification Number (PIN). *A valid E-mail address to receive the ESTA in their Inbox. *You can use a Debit/Credit Card or PayPal account to pay for the ESTA fees. US VISA FOR ICELAND CITIZENSAs part of the Visa Waiver Program, Icelandic citizens can apply for an ESTA, which stands for Electronic System for Travel Authorization. ESTA was introduced in 2009 to process the data of visitors entering the United States under the Visa Waiver Program (VWP). An approved ESTA allows Icelandic citizens to visit the United States for tourism, business, transit, medical, or brief study purposes for up to 90 days per visit. If you plan to stay in the United States longer than 90 days, you must apply for a B1 business visa or B2 tourist visa. Icelandic citizens can use an approved ESTA for multiple visits to the United States. An approved ESTA is valid for two years or until your passport expires. If your ESTA expires, you will need to apply for a new permit. Icelandic citizens wishing to apply for ESTA must meet the necessary ESTA requirements. ESTA applications are submitted online using a simple form that must be completed prior to paying the application fee.Requirements of America Visa for Icelandic citizens  *A valid travel document or passport in order to apply for ESTA America Visa. *A valid credit or debit card or PayPal account to pay for the ESTA America Visa *A valid email address, to receive the ESTA America Visa in their inbox. US VISA FOR IRISH CITIZENSThe ESTA was introduced in 2009 to process the data of visitors entering the United States under the Visa Waiver Program (VWP). Ireland is one of the countries accepted into the US Visa Waiver Program (VWP), which means that its citizens can easily obtain travel authorization through the Electronic System for Travel Authorization (US ESTA) from the US. An approved ESTA allows Irish citizens to visit the United States for tourism, business, transit, medical or short study purposes for up to 90 days per visit. As part of the Visa Waiver Program, Irish citizens can apply for an ESTA, which stands for Electronic System for Travel Authorization. If you plan to stay in the United States longer than 90 days, you must apply for a B1 business visa or a B2 tourist visa. Irish citizens can use an approved ESTA for multiple visits to the United States. An approved ESTA is valid for two years or until your passport expires. If your ESTA expires, you will need to apply for a new authorization. The travel authorization obtained through ESTA is electronically linked to the applicant's passport. Irish passport holders can avoid the lengthy visa application process by registering for ESTA online. The traveler can easily fill out this simple form on any computer with internet access or device.Documents Required for America ESTA for Irish Citizens  *A valid travel document or passport in order to apply for ESTA US Visa. *A valid Email address to receive the ESTA in their Inbox. *You can use a Debit or Credit card to pay for the America ESTA fee. Media ContactCompany Name: USA OfficialContact Person: Ginto Perathu WatsonEmail: info@usaestavisaonline.comPhone: +1 213-617-6700Address:350 S Grand Ave 1700City: Los AngelesCountry: United StatesWebsite: www.us-visa-online.org/ha/visa/Source: www.abnewswire.com.(C) 2023 M2 COMMUNICATIONS, source M2 PressWIRE