NEW ZEALAND VISA FOR US CITIZENSIf you are a US citizen wishing to visit New Zealand, it is important to note that you will need a travel permit to do so. The New Zealand eTA is available to citizens of over 170 countries, including the United States. For US citizens, applying for a New Zealand eTA is a quick and easy process. The New Zealand eTA for Americans (also spelled "NZeTA") was introduced in 2019 to allow eligible citizens to travel to New Zealand for transit, tourism or business purposes. US citizens wishing to enter New Zealand for short stays must have an approved eTA electronically linked to their passport. The New Zealand eTA is valid for 2 years from the date of issue. US citizens can stay in New Zealand for up to 3 months at a time with their eTA. As the New Zealand eTA is a multiple entry eVisa waiver, holders can visit New Zealand multiple times within the two-year period of validity. To apply for a New Zealand ETA from the United States, US citizens must complete a short online application form that asks for the traveler's personal and passport information. Once approved, US citizens will receive a copy of their New Zealand eTA to the email address provided in the application form.Documents Required for US Citizens  *A passport that is valid for at least three months from the planned date of arrival. *Arrival and departure dates. *To pay the appropriate eTA fees, you'll need a valid credit or debit card. *A valid email address so you can receive your authorized New Zealand eTA in your Inbox. *A recent passport-style photograph of the applicant NEW ZEALAND VISA FOR EUROPEAN CITIZENSNew Zealand has a visa approval policy and according to its rules, all citizens of European Union countries can travel to New Zealand for up to 3 months without a visa and only with an ETA. If you are planning to visit New Zealand for a short period of time you will need to apply for an NZeTA before you travel. The New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority (NZeTA) is an electronic visa waiver that was introduced in July 2019. It allows eligible citizens to travel to New Zealand for tourism, business or transit purposes without having to worry about presenting a visa paperwork at an embassy. The New Zealand eTA allows multiple entries for short term visits during its validity and is valid for 2 years. A New Zealand visa from European Union is not optional but a mandatory requirement for all European Union citizens traveling to the country for short stays. A New Zealand Tourist ETA is an authorized electronic document that serves as a multiple entry visa waiver to New Zealand. Since July 2019, citizens of the European Union have required an eTA for New Zealand. The New Zealand visa for European citizens entitles you to a six-month visa-free stay in New Zealand. The requirements for an ETA for citizens of New Zealand visa-exempt countries are really simple. Applicants must complete the New Zealand eTA application form with personal and passport information.WHAT WOULD BE THE REQUIREMENTS FOR AN ETA?  *Valid passport - you need to have a passport. Furthermore, you need to make sure that the passport is valid for at least another 6 months upon arrival. *Arrival and Departure Dates *Means of payment - You can use a credit or a debit card, but you can also pay using PayPal. *E-mail address - You will receive the ETA via e-mail in PDF format. Do not forget to print a few copies so that you have a couple of spares. NEW ZEALAND VISA FOR NORWEGIAN CITIZENSNew Zealand is not a distant dreamland that should linger in the imagination of travelers. It's easy to get to and your voyage across the Pacific will reward you with many incredible attractions and local treasures. Norwegian passport holders can use the New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority (NZeTA) to enter New Zealand without obtaining a New Zealand visa from Norway for a period of 90 days under the Visa Waiver Scheme which was introduced in 2019. The New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority (NZeTA) is an electronic visa waiver that was introduced in July 2019. It allows eligible citizens to travel to New Zealand for tourism, business or transit purposes without having to worry about presenting a visa paperwork at an embassy. NZeTA is an electronic visa waiver required for eligible Norwegian citizens wishing to travel to New Zealand. The New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority is also required for citizens of all other NZeTA eligible countries when traveling in the appropriate circumstances. Norwegian citizens transiting through New Zealand en route to another Destination may need to apply for an NZeTA transit visa waiver prior to departure. It is easy and simple for Norwegian passport holders to obtain a valid New Zealand eTA before visiting the country. The NZeTA grants holders multiple entries of up to 90 consecutive days each within its 2-year validity, as long as the passport used in the application form remains valid. Because the travel authorization is an electronic document, Norwegians can apply for an NZeTA online, eliminating the need to visit an embassy or consulate.WHAT ARE THE REQUIREMENTS FOR A NEW ZEALAND ETA?  *Valid passport - what you should do before you proceed to fill in the application form is to make sure that the passport remains valid for at least another 6 months from the date of arrival in New Zealand. It should also have one blank page available for stamping *Travel dates - Your arrival and departure dates *E-mail address - after you submit your application, you will receive a confirmation with a reference number via e-mail. You will need it when you arrive in New Zealand. You can print it out or keep it on your phone *Means of online payment - You can use a credit or debit card, but if you want, you can use PayPal. NEW ZEALAND VISA FOR SWISS CITIZENSNew Zealand is undoubtedly one of the most spectacular places on earth. Consisting of two main islands and a number of smaller islands, New Zealand has an incredible variety of stunning landscapes, from subtropical forests, beaches and offshore islands. As a Swiss citizen, it is very easy to visit New Zealand. All eligible travelers must apply for the New Zealand eTA visa waiver before visiting the country. From October 1, 2019, the New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority is required for visa-exempt visitors, including Swiss citizens. The New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority (NZeTA) is an electronic visa waiver that was introduced in July 2019. It allows eligible citizens to travel to New Zealand for tourism, business or transit purposes without having to worry about presenting a visa paperwork at an embassy. The New Zealand eTA allows multiple entries for a maximum stay of 90 consecutive days each during its 2-year validity. Swiss citizens with an approved NZeTA can visit New Zealand multiple times for up to 90 consecutive days per stay without having to apply for a regular New Zealand tourist visa for the country. Applicants only have to pay the IVL once during this period. Swiss citizens can now travel to New Zealand with NZeTA, an electronic travel authorization that you can easily obtain online from your smartphone or PC.eTA New Zealand Document Requirements for of Switzerland  *A Passport with at least 3 months of remaining validity after the date of intended exit from New Zealand. *A filled-out eTA New Zealand for Switzerland online application form. *A valid email address, to receive the NZeTA in their inbox. *You can use a credit or debit card to pay the eTA and IVL fees. NEW ZEALAND VISA FOR ISRAELI CITIZENSNew Zealand is one of the most desirable travel destinations in the world. With its snow-capped mountains, ancient glaciers, rolling hills and abundant wine, it's a destination like no other. Tucked away in the corner of the world, it's a country that requires some planning to visit. Most people will need to apply for a visa or ETA, if you are visa waiver you will need to apply for a New Zealand ETA. The New Zealand visa waiver is mandatory for citizens of 60 visa-waiver nationalities, including Israeli passport holders. Since Israeli citizens are visa-exempt when entering New Zealand, they are eligible for a New Zealand ETA. The New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority (NZeTA) is an electronic visa waiver that was introduced in July 2019. It allows eligible citizens to travel to New Zealand for tourism, business or transit purposes without having to worry about presenting a visa paperwork at an embassy. Israeli citizens visiting New Zealand for tourism purposes and planning a stay of less than 90 days are eligible to apply for a New Zealand Tourist eTA. The New Zealand eTA allows multiple entries for short-term visits during its validity and is valid for 2 years. You must also pay a processing fee known as the International Visitor Tourism and Conservation Tax (IVL) to receive an approved New Zealand eTA via email. Those wishing to travel to New Zealand for longer stays or to work or study will require a visa and should contact the nearest New Zealand embassy or consulate for further information. Applicants must complete the New Zealand eTA application form with personal and passport information. Simply fill out the New Zealand eTA application form online.WHAT ARE THE REQUIREMENTS FOR A NEW ZEALAND ETA FOR THE CITIZENS OF ISRAEL?  Valid passport: Make sure that the passport remains valid for at least another 6 months from the date of arrival in New Zealand. It should also have one blank page available for stamping. Travel dates: Your arrival and departure dates. E-mail address: You will receive confirmation reference number via email. You will need it when you arrive in New Zealand. You can print it out or keep it on your phone. Payment: You can use a credit or debit card to pay for the NZeTA fees. Media ContactCompany Name: NEW ZEALAND OfficialContact Person: Ginto Perathu ShellyEmail: info@newzealand-visas.orgPhone: +1 213-617-6700Address:350 S Grand Ave 1700City: Los AngelesCountry: United StatesWebsite: www.new-zealand-visa.co.nz/ha/visa/Source: www.abnewswire.com.(C) 2023 M2 COMMUNICATIONS, source M2 PressWIRE