Cyberbullying is a major concern that takes place on social media platforms, and affects teens and parents.Cyberbullying is a type of bullying in which one or more individuals use digital technologies to intentionally and repeatedly cause harm to another person.According to a Pew Research survey, nearly half of U.S. teens ages 13-17 (46%) report  experiencing at least one of six different forms of cyberbullying behaviors.These include:- Offensive name calling- Spreading false rumors- Receiving explicit images that were not asked for- Constantly being asked where they are by someone other than a parent- Physical ThreatsHaving explicit images of them shared without their consentThis type of bullying is tied to major social media networks such as Youtube, a subsidiary of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG), Facebook, and Instagram owned by Meta Inc. (NASDAQ: META), Twitter, and Snapchat (NYSE: SNAP).With teen use of social media on the rise, the problem of cyberbullying has cemented itself onto these social media platforms, leaving government, school administrators, and parents scrambling for an answer.Addressing The ProblemThe biggest social media sites are aware that cyberbullying is a serious problem that ultimately drives users away from their platforms. According to research, Instagram has the highest rate of cyberbullying of any single social media platform.According to a BBC survey of 10,000 people between the ages of 12 and 20, 13% of users fear cyberbullying. Many cite a person's physical appearance as a probable target of abuse. Although Instagram has a system in place for preventing and identifying cyberbullying, deleting a photo or text message cannot prevent the bullying from occurring. However, it can help stop it.By providing enhanced notification filtering, Twitter combats online cyberbullying. The ability to muffle the content is available, abusive tweets are capable of being "collapsed." Machine learning analytics can be used to stop the creation of new abusive accounts.While the social media platforms continue seek and implement solutions, there is one company known as 'the internet anti-bullying company', RAADR Inc.RAADR Inc.RAADR Inc. (OTC: RDARD) publishes software that protects children who use social media and the internet. RAADR's products allow children, parents, school districts, and law enforcement to monitor bullying and other threatening behavior across social media and the Metaverse in real time.RAADR Parental 2.0, which is a parental monitoring and student reporting social media app, allows parents to protect children by using real time monitoring across all major social media platforms and the Metaverse to report cyberbullying, suicidal thoughts and threatening behavior.Tools of the application include image recognition, keyword recognition, site filtering, and monitoring of children across multiple social media platforms across the internet. It also offers real-time alerts to users.Investors should pay close attention as RDARD anticipates greater than 100,000 downloads of its anti-cyberbullying app in the upcoming months. On top of that, the company says that number could exceed 500,000 downloads as the app gets organic publicity.In a recent letter to shareholders, RAADR CEO, Jacob DiMartino said, "Although we can acknowledge within the foundation of our corporate mission that we can't eliminate all social media bullying, we are steadfast in our belief that our App will be a front-line tool in recognizing and combating online bullying across all forms of social media."ConclusionChildren's use of social media is not going anywhere, and in fact, continues to rise. According to a recent study conducted by www.security.org, over 21% percent of the kids studied between the ages of 10 and 18 have been cyberbullied.Social media companies have parts in place to help prevent and mitigate the damage caused by cyberbullying, but still struggle to get at the deeper root of the issue, which has left the door open for innovative companies like RAADR (OTC: RDARD) to come in and fix the issue.As pressure from parents, teachers, administrators, and the government continues to grow, it is clear that cyberbullying is an issue that needs to be addressed. Investors looking to diversify their portfolio with a socially conscious company should pay close attention to the future of RAADR.Disclaimers: The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides investors a safe harbor in regard to forward-looking statements. Any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, assumptions, objectives, goals, assumptions of future events or performance are not statements of historical fact may be forward looking statements. Forward looking statements are based on expectations, estimates, and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated. Forward looking statements in this action may be identified through use of words such as projects, foresee, expects, will, anticipates, estimates, believes, understands, or that by statements, indicating certain actions & quotes; may, could or might occur Understand there is no guarantee past performance is indicative of future results. Investing in micro-cap or growth securities is highly speculative and carries an extremely high degree of risk. It is possible that an investor's investment may be lost or due to the speculative nature of the companies profiled. CapitalGainsReport (CGR) is responsible for the production and distribution of this content. CGR is not operated by a licensed broker, a dealer, or a registered investment advisor. It should be expressly understood that under no circumstances does any information published herein represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. CGR authors, contributors, or its agents, may be compensated for preparing research, video graphics, and editorial content. CGR has been compensated by Lightwave Partners to produce and syndicate this content for RDARD. As part of that content, readers, subscribers, and webs are expected to read the full disclaimers and financial disclosure statement that can be found on our website.Media ContactCompany Name: Capital Gains ReportContact Person: Mark McKelvieEmail: markrmckelvie@gmail.comCity: NAPLESState: FLORIDACountry: United StatesWebsite: https://capitalgainsreport.com/Source: www.abnewswire.com.(C) 2023 M2 COMMUNICATIONS, source M2 PressWIRE