(For a Reuters live blog on U.S., UK and European stock
markets, click LIVE/ or type LIVE/ in a news window)*JPMorgan, Wells Fargo shares jump*U.S. consumers' inflation expectations ease - survey*Tesla falls after price cuts on electric vehiclesNEW YORK, Jan 13 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks finished higher
and registered a second straight week of gains on Friday, with
shares of JPMorgan Chase and other banks rising following their
fourth-quarter results, which kicked off the earnings season.Financials were among sectors giving the S&P 500 the
most support.But concern over results and guidance from companies in the
coming weeks kept investors cautious. Year-over-year earnings
from S&P 500 companies are expected to have declined 2.2% for
the quarter, according to Refinitiv data."This has shifted the focus back to earnings," said Peter
Tuz, president of Chase Investment Counsel in Charlottesville,
Virginia."Even though the earnings were basically OK, people are just
kind of stepping back, and you're going to see a wait-and-see
attitude with stocks" as investors hear more from company
executives.Wall Street's biggest banks stockpiled more rainy-day funds
to prepare for a possible recession and reported weak investment
banking results while showing caution about forecasting income
growth. But they said consumers remained healthy and higher
rates boosted profits.JPMorgan Chase & Co and Bank of America Corp
beat quarterly earnings estimates, while Wells Fargo & Co
and Citigroup Inc fell short of quarterly profit
estimates. But shares of all four firms rose, along with the S&P
500 banks indexTesla shares declined, limiting gains in the S&P
500, after it slashed prices on its electric vehicles in the
United States and Europe by as much as 20% after missing 2022
deliveries estimates.The University of Michigan's survey on Friday showed an
improvement in U.S. consumer sentiment, with one-year inflation
outlook falling in January to the lowest level since the spring
of 2021.On Thursday, stocks rose after U.S. consumer prices fell for
the first time in more than 2-1/2 years in December.According to preliminary data, the S&P 500
gained 15.54 points, or 0.39%, to end at 3,998.71 points,
while the Nasdaq Composite gained 77.99 points, or
0.71%, to 11,079.09. The Dow Jones Industrial Average
rose 109.61 points, or 0.32%, to 34,299.58.All three major indexes posted gains for a second straight
week, with Thursday's Consumer Price Index and other recent data
bolstering hopes that a sustained downward trend in inflation
could give the Federal Reserve room to dial back on its interest
rate hikes.The U.S. stock market will be closed Monday for the
Martin Luther King Jr. Day holiday.Money market participants see a 91.6% chance the Fed will
hike the benchmark rate by 25 basis points in February, but
expect the terminal rate at 4.9% by June.Among other earnings reports, UnitedHealth Group Inc
shares rose after beating Wall Street expectations for
fourth-quarter profit.Shares of Delta Air Lines Inc dropped as the company
forecast first-quarter profit below expectations.
(Additional reporting by Shubham Batra, Ankika Biswas and
Amruta Khandekar in Bengaluru; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu,
Shounak Dasgupta and Grant McCool)