*Wall Street stocks rebound*Crude oil gains 2%*Benchmark 10-year yields drop*U.S. dollar gains*Safe-have gold dropsNEW YORK, Feb 23 (Reuters) -Global equities and crude oil rebounded from earlier losses
on Thursday even as economic data continued to show the strength
of the U.S. economy and validated the Federal Reserve's tight
monetary policy stance.A U.S. Labor Department report on Thursday showed that
new claims for unemployment benefits unexpectedly fell last
week, pointing to a persistently tight labor market.The readings for the fourth-quarter personal consumption
expenditures (PCE) price index, the Fed's preferred inflation
measure, were revised upward to 3.7%, indicating inflation was
much stronger than initially thought and weighed on sentiment
earlier in the day.Minutes of the Federal Reserve's last meeting released on
Wednesday showed that officials favored a moderation in the pace
of rate hikes although they indicated that containing high
inflation would be key in how much further rates need to rise.
"The Fed minutes yesterday were a bit hawkish and they said
ongoing rate hikes would be necessary and that should obviously
be negative for the market," said Sandy Villere, portfolio
manager at Villere & Co in New Orleans.
"But it seems the market is starting to discount that we're
getting into the eighth or ninth inning of these rate hikes even
though the Fed is saying ongoing rate hikes would be necessary,"
Villere said.
The MSCI world equity index, which tracks
shares in 50 countries, was down 0.27%. European stocks
were up at just 0.06%.On Wall Street, the Nasdaq regained earlier losses from
better-than-expected revenue at chipmaker Nvidia Corp.
The results drove the company's shares up 14%, along with shares
of other semiconductor manufacturers.The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.33% to
33,153.91, the S&P 500 gained 0.53% to 4,012.32 and the
Nasdaq Composite added 0.72% to 11,590.40."When you see strong numbers at certain companies, it could
be market moving and that's what we're seeing today - a bit of a
relief rally," Villere added.Oil prices firmed more than 1% before paring some gains,
with Russian supply curbs partially offsetting an expected rise
in U.S. inventories.Brent crude futures settled up 2% to $82.21 a
barrel, while West Texas Intermediate crude futures (WTI)
advanced 2% to $75.39 after six sessions of losses.U.S. Treasury yieldsedged lowerin choppy trading, with those on the 10-year pulling back
from three-month highs, as investors have priced in strong
economic data.Benchmark 10-year Treasury notes were down at
3.8865%, while the yield curve measuring the gap between the
two- and 10-year Treasury notes was still inverted
at minus 77.90 basis points, indicating a looming recession.The dollar retained its strength against its major peers.
The dollar index rose 0.077%, with the euro down
0.07% to $1.0594.Safe-haven gold prices slipped to their lowest in about two
months as the U.S. dollar climbed. Spot gold dropped
0.03% to $1,822.09 an ounce, while U.S. gold futures fell
0.55% to $1,822.00 an ounce.(Reporting by Chibuike Oguh in New York, editing by Anna
Driver, Bernadette Baum and Diane Craft)