Feb 1 (Reuters) -Tesla Inc's board had no obligation to review CEO
Elon Musk's 2018 tweets announcing a bid to take the electric
car maker private, which investors allege were fraudulent, two
independent directors testified at trial on Wednesday.Musk's Aug. 7, 2018 tweets sent Tesla stock soaring and
after they fell back down, shareholders sued, alleging they lost
money. But board members James Murdoch and Ira Ehrenpreis each
said the tweets did not need to be vetted by the company before
Musk sent them because he had done so in his individual
capacity.Their testimony concluded live witnesses in the trial,
which began in San Francisco federal court on Jan. 17.Musk tweeted that he had "funding secured" to take the
carmaker private at a $420 per share price, a premium of about
23% to the prior day's close. The stock price soared after the
tweet and then fell as it became clear the buyout would not
happen. Tesla shareholders say they lost billions of dollars on
their investments in stocks and other securities of the company.The trial is testing whether Elon Musk, the world's
second-richest person, can be held liable when his sometimes
impulsive use of Twitter rubs up against U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission rules about corporate disclosures.The two board members are named as defendants in the
lawsuit. Their attorneys, who also represent Musk and Tesla,
have asked the judge overseeing the case to toss allegations
against them and other board members including Kimbal Musk, Elon
Musk's brother, saying the investors failed to prove they are
liable.James Murdoch, son of media tycoon Rupert Murdoch, told
the jury the tweets were consistent with what he knew about
Musk's talks with Saudi Arabia's sovereign wealth fund, the
Public Investment Fund."They had great confidence in the availability of
funding for such a transaction," he said, referring to Musk and
then Tesla CFO Chief Financial Officer Deepak Ahuja.Musk testified last week that "funding was absolutely
not an issue." He acknowledged, however, that he did not have
binding agreements with investors for specified amounts, leaving
it to the jury to decide if he misled shareholders.Both sides will make their closing arguments on Friday,
after a day off. A jury of nine is expected to begin
deliberating on Friday.The jury will decide whether the Tesla CEO artificially
inflated the company's share price by touting the buyout's
prospects, and if so, by how much.The buyout deal never came together because investors,
particularly retail shareholders, expressed their interest in
keeping the company public, according to testimony by Musk.
(Reporting by Hyunjoo Jin in San Francisco and Jody Godoy in
California; Editing by Noeleen Walder, Bernadette Baum and David
Gregorio)