
Electronic Arts Inc. (NASDAQ: EA) is delivering a variety of ways for football fans across the world to celebrate the conclusion of the 2023 National Football League (NFL) Season whether online, in person at Super Bowl LVII, or through play in EA SPORTS™ Madden NFL 23. Madden NFL 23 will show up everywhere during one of the most electric weeks in sports as fans, brands, athletes and more flock to the most authentic NFL simulation experience to express their fandom. Fans can interact directly with EA SPORTS online with today’s reveal of the official Madden NFL 23 Super Bowl LVII Prediction, in Madden NFL 23 with fresh Super Bowl content and new experiences, in person in Phoenix, Arizona at a community event that unites some of the biggest brands in sports to inspire the next generation of fans, and even more fan experiences around Super Bowl LVII.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230206005435/en/Madden NFL 23 predicts the Philadelphia Eagles to win Super Bowl LVII 31 to 17 over the Kansas City Chiefs (Graphic: Business Wire)
“Madden NFL has been the preeminent interactive entertainment brand tied to football culture for decades and the Super Bowl is the marquee event that brings all sports fans together around a shared love of world class NFL football,” said Julie Foster, VP of EA SPORTS Brand. “We’re excited to be back in Arizona and to continue entertaining football fans everywhere through engaging experiences that only Madden NFL can deliver.”

Here is a snapshot of how fans can engage with Madden NFL 23 during Super Bowl Week:

Football fans can jump into Madden NFL 23 now by purchasing the game at an up to 70 percent discount.* To stay up-to-date on all-things Madden NFL 23 follow Twitter, Facebook and Instagram.

*Offers may vary or change. See retailer site for details.

Visit: EAPressPortal.com for Madden NFL 23 assets

Madden NFL 23 is developed in Orlando, Florida and Madrid, Spain by EA Tiburon for PlayStation®4, PlayStation®5, Xbox One, Xbox Series X|S, PC via EA app for Windows, Origin™, Steam® and Epic Games Store. Download Madden NFL 23 Mobile from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store now.

About Electronic Arts

Electronic Arts (NASDAQ: EA) is a global leader in digital interactive entertainment. The Company develops and delivers games, content and online services for Internet-connected consoles, mobile devices and personal computers.

In fiscal year 2022, EA posted GAAP net revenue of approximately $7 billion. Headquartered in Redwood City, California, EA is recognized for a portfolio of critically acclaimed, high-quality brands such as EA SPORTS™ FIFA, Battlefield™, Apex Legends™, The Sims™, Madden NFL, Need for Speed™, Titanfall™, Plants vs. Zombies™ and F1®. More information about EA is available at www.ea.com/news.

EA SPORTS, Ultimate Team, Battlefield, Need for Speed, Apex Legends, The Sims, Titanfall and Plants vs. Zombies are trademarks of Electronic Arts Inc. John Madden, NFL, NFL Players Association, OneTeam Partners, FIFA and F1 are the property of their respective owners and used with permission.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230206005435/en/