CHICAGO, Jan.  19, 2023  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Mondelēz International today announced the launch of the fourth annual State of Snacking™ report, a global consumer trends study examining annual insights on how consumers make snacking decisions. This year’s report explores how current economic challenges are affecting consumer snacking choices around the world – with a majority of respondents continuing to prioritize snacking, despite rising costs and economic challenges.Developed in partnership with The Harris Poll, the report tracks snacking attitudes and behaviors among thousands of consumers surveyed across 12 countries for a fourth consecutive year. These findings illustrate the expanded role of snacking– as snacking increasingly replaces traditional meals in consumers' lives. Key findings include that consumers around the world are snacking:“Our State of Snacking report confirms that in these trying times, consumers around the world view their favorite snacks as affordable and necessary indulgences,” said Dirk Van de Put, Chairman and CEO of Mondelēz International. “Snacking continues to be a way for consumers to connect or to enjoy a moment of delight in their day, further demonstrating our belief that every snack can be enjoyed in a mindful way.”The survey demonstrates that consumers are looking for snacks to meet different needs in their lives. The vast majority said they regularly snack to reward themselves (78 percent) and for a sense of comfort (77 percent), including an overwhelming majority of millennials (85 percent for both reasons). The current environment also emphasizes the importance of brand recognition, with 67 percent saying they would buy fewer of their favorite snack brands rather than generic alternatives, regardless of cost.The survey complements Mondelēz International’s diverse, proprietary snacking insights knowledge– including macro trends from multiple sources informing the future of snacking and validating the company’s focus on delivering the right snack, for the right moment, made the right way.Additional findings from the 2022 State of Snacking report, available for download at www.mondelezinternational.com/stateofsnacking, include:Mindful snackingA way to connectAppetite for sustainability“Today’s consumer is more conscious than ever about their consumption – and that includes health and well-being, as well as the impact on the planet,” said Martin Renaud, Chief Marketing and Sales Officer at Mondelēz International. “The findings of this report continue to help inform our strategy as a global snacking leader with a focus on chocolate and biscuits and a commitment to mindful and sustainable snacking.”About Mondelēz International Mondelēz International, Inc. (Nasdaq: MDLZ) empowers consumers to snack right in over 150 countries around the world. With 2021 net revenues of approximately $29 billion, MDLZ is leading the future of snacking with iconic global and local brands such as OREO, belVita and LU biscuits; Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka and Toblerone chocolate; Sour Patch Kids candy and Clif Bar. Mondelēz International is a proud member of the Standard and Poor’s 500, Nasdaq 100 and Dow Jones Sustainability Index. Visit www.mondelezinternational.com or follow the company on Twitter at www.twitter.com/MDLZ.Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements. Words, and variations of words, such as “will,” “may,” “expect,” “aim,” “plan,” “continue,” “commitment,” “remain,” “likely” and similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements about Mondelēz International’s strategic priorities and growth strategy; Mondelēz International’s future performance, including its future revenue and earnings growth; plans to reshape Mondelēz International’s portfolio and extend its leadership positions in chocolate and biscuits as well as baked snacks; Mondelēz International’s leadership position in snacking; volatility in global consumer, commodity, transportation, labor, currency and capital markets; consumer behavior, consumption and demand trends and Mondelēz International’s business in developed and emerging markets, its channels, its brands and its categories; Mondelēz International’s environmental, social and governance and sustainability strategies, goals, targets and initiatives; and long-term value creation. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond Mondelēz International’s control, which could cause Mondelēz International’s actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these forward-looking statements. Please also see Mondelēz International’s risk factors, as they may be amended from time to time, set forth in its filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. There may be other factors not presently known to Mondelēz International or which it currently considers to be immaterial that could cause Mondelēz International’s actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements it makes. Mondelēz International disclaims and does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement in this press release, except as required by applicable law or regulation.2023 GlobeNewswire, Inc., source Press Releases