SANTA CLARA, Calif., March  13, 2023  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- AMD (NASDAQ: AMD) today announced the appointment of five technical leaders to the role of AMD Corporate Fellow. These appointments recognize each leader’s significant impact on semiconductor innovation across various areas, from graphics architecture to advanced packaging.“David, Nathan, Suresh, Ben and Ralph – whose engineering contributions have already left an indelible mark on our industry – represent the best of our innovation culture,” said Mark Papermaster, chief technology officer and executive vice president of Technology and Engineering at AMD. “Their appointments to Corporate Fellow will enable AMD to innovate in new dimensions as we work to deliver the most significant breakthroughs in high-performance computing in the decade ahead.”Appointment to AMD Corporate Fellow is an honor bestowed on the most accomplished AMD innovators. AMD Corporate Fellows are appointed after a rigorous review process that assesses not only specific technical contributions to the company, but also involvement in the industry, mentoring of others and improving the long-term strategic position of the company. Currently, only 13 engineers at AMD hold the title of Corporate Fellow.About AMD For more than 50 years AMD has driven innovation in high-performance computing, graphics and visualization technologies. Billions of people, leading Fortune 500 businesses and cutting-edge scientific research institutions around the world rely on AMD technology daily to improve how they live, work and play. AMD employees are focused on building leadership high-performance and adaptive products that push the boundaries of what is possible. For more information about how AMD is enabling today and inspiring tomorrow, visit the AMD (NASDAQ: AMD) website, blog, LinkedIn and Twitter pages. ©2023 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. AMD, the AMD Arrow logo, Xilinx, Opteron and the combination thereof are trademarks of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. DirectX is either a registered trademark or trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the US and/or other countries. Other names are for informational purposes only and may be trademarks of their respective owners.Media Contact:Theresa ChavezAMD Communications408-749-4112theresa.chavez@amd.com2023 GlobeNewswire, Inc., source Press Releases