



        Constellation CEO Joe Dominguez Testifies Before Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee





        On Thursday, March 9, Constellation CEO Joe Dominguez called on congress to authorize and fully fund legislation providing up to $3.5 billion for investments in domestic fuel sources for the nuclear energy industry, citing risks to the environment, energy grid reliability and national security if America's nuclear industry lacks sufficient nuclear fuel in coming years as a result of global disruptions in the supply chain.
      

        In testimony before the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, Dominguez discussed how the global pandemic and the unprovoked war in Ukraine have exposed the nation's dependence on foreign suppliers - dominated by Russia -- for enriched uranium that is converted into fuel for use in nuclear power plants. 
      



        Source: Forbes Breaking News
      



Other Links


Constellation Press Release


Joe Dominguez Prepared Testimony


Additional Witness Testimony:  Hon. Kathryn Huff and Dr. John Wagner




About Constellation


        Headquartered in Baltimore, Constellation Energy Corporation (Nasdaq: CEG) is the nation's largest producer of clean, carbon-free energy and a leading supplier of energy products and services to businesses, homes, community aggregations and public sector customers across the continental United States, including three fourths of Fortune 100 companies. With annual output that is nearly 90 percent carbon-free, our hydro, wind and solar facilities paired with the nation's largest nuclear fleet have the generating capacity to power the equivalent of 15 million homes, providing 10 percent of the nation's clean energy. We are further accelerating the nation's transition to a carbon-free future by helping our customers reach their sustainability goals, setting our own ambitious goal of achieving 100 percent carbon-free generation by 2040, and by investing in promising emerging technologies to eliminate carbon emissions across all sectors of the economy. Follow Constellation on LinkedIn and Twitter.
      


Download

Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
Constellation Energy Corporation published this content on 10 March 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 10 March 2023 21:04:07 UTC.
      

