


        Marriott International, Inc. announced it has signed an agreement with NEOMto open three properties on its luxury island destination Sindalah, situated in the Red Sea off the northwest coast of Saudi Arabia. The multi-deal agreement includes Saudi Arabia's first Autograph Collection Hotels property, as well as two Luxury Collection properties.
      

        "NEOM is one of the most highly-anticipated developments in the world and we look forward to working with its team to develop these three exciting properties," said Jerome Briet, Chief Development Officer, Europe, Middle East & Africa, Marriott International. "The Luxury Collection and Autograph Collection Hotels properties will express their own unique personality inspired by the exceptional natural landscapes of NEOM. We continue to see growth opportunities for our brand portfolio within the destination and Saudi Arabia overall."
      

The Luxury Collection in Sindalah
        Offering global travelers a gateway to the world's most captivating destinations, The Luxury Collection is expected to open two properties in the highly anticipated island destination, featuring transformational experiences and destination-rooted authenticity. Slated to open in 2024, a beach resort will offer a mix of 70 luxury rooms and suites, including one-, two-, three- and four-bedroom villas all featuring private pools. The second project, projected to open in 2024, is expected to be an all-suite property offering 115 one-, two- and three-bedroom luxury suites, and will be situated in the heart of the retail and marina district of Sindalah. Both Luxury Collection properties are set to showcase multiple culinary experiences and leisure facilities.
      

Autograph Collection in Sindalah
        Autograph Collection Hotels are a product of passion inspired by a clear vision, soul, and story that makes it individual and special. Expected to open in 2024, the Autograph Collection property in Sindalah is anticipated to offer rich immersive moments that will leave a lasting imprint for guests. Plans for the resort include 66 rooms and suites, including one- and two-bedroom villas, multiple dining options, a kids club, and a spa.
      

        Sindalah is the first of a group of islands that will be developed in NEOM and is set to be among the most alluring destinations in the Red Sea. The island will feature exquisite facilities and exclusive offerings surrounded by a stunning and diverse ocean environment home to over 2,000 marine species, 600 of which are endemic to the Red Sea.
      

        Extending over an area of approximately 840,000 square meters, Sindalah will be a new destination for one-of-a-kind nautical and yachting experiences, located just 17 hours sail from the Mediterranean and featuring a prestigious 86-berth marina for yachts up to 75 meters and serviced offshore buoys for superyachts up to 180m. Additionally, the island will include over 400 ultra-premium hotel rooms and 300 top-end suites, a beach club, a glamorous yacht club, and 38 unique culinary offerings.
      

        "Marriott International offers one of the most compelling portfolios in the entire industry and enjoys a stellar reputation in the region. We are thrilled by the prospect of working together and look forward to building a hospitality experience that captures the spirit of Sindalah's year-long appeal, while creating unforgettable memories for our guests," added Chris Newman, Executive Director, Hotel Development at NEOM, the division responsible for building a future-centric hospitality ecosystem in the region.
      

        The first destination in NEOM to start welcoming guests, Sindalah is expected to welcome guests from early 2024. The three projects are expected to the first hotels to open on the island.
      

About Marriott International
        Marriott International, Inc., (NASDAQ: MAR) is based in Bethesda, Maryland, USA, and encompasses a portfolio of nearly 8,300 properties under 30 leading brands spanning 138 countries and territories. Marriott operates and franchises hotels and licenses vacation ownership resorts all around the world. The company offers Marriott Bonvoy®, its highly-awarded travel program. For more information, please visit our website at www.marriott.com. In addition, connect with us on Facebook and @MarriottIntl on Twitter and Instagram.
      

About The Luxury Collection Hotels & Resorts
        The Luxury Collection® is comprised of world-renowned hotels and resorts offering unique, authentic experiences that evoke lasting, treasured memories. For the global explorer, The Luxury Collection offers a gateway to the world's most exciting and desirable destinations. Each hotel and resort is a unique and cherished expression of its location; a portal to the destination's charms and treasures. Originated in 1906 under the CIGA® brand as a collection of Europe's most celebrated and iconic properties, today The Luxury Collection brand is a glittering ensemble of more than 120 of the world's finest hotels and resorts in more than 35 countries and territories. All of these hotels, many of them centuries old, are internationally recognized as being among the world's finest. For more information and new openings, visit theluxurycollection.com or follow Instagram and Facebook. The Luxury Collection is proud to participate in Marriott Bonvoy®, the global travel program from Marriott International. The program offers members an extraordinary portfolio of global brands, exclusive experiences on Marriott Bonvoy Moments and unparalleled benefits including free nights and Elite status recognition. To enroll for free or for more information about the program, visit marriottbonvoy.com.
      

About Autograph Collection Hotels
        Autograph Collection® Hotels advocates for the original, championing the individuality of each of its over 280 independent hotels located in the most desirable destinations across nearly 50 countries and territories. Each hotel is a product of passion, inspired by a clear vision, soul, and story that makes it individual and special: Exactly LikeNothing Else. Hand-selected for their inherent craft and distinct perspectives on design and hospitality, Autograph Collection properties offer rich immersive moments that leave a lasting imprint. For more information, please visit www.autographhotels.com, and explore on social via Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook to be inspired by immersive moments that are #ExactlyLikeNothingElse. Autograph Collection is proud to participate in Marriott Bonvoy®, the global travel program from Marriott International. The program offers members an extraordinary portfolio of global brands, exclusive experiences on Marriott Bonvoy Moments and unparalleled benefits including free nights and Elite status recognition. To enroll for free or for more information about the program, visit marriottbonvoy.com.
      

About NEOM
        NEOM is an accelerator of human progress and a vision of what a new future might look like. It is a region in northwest Saudi Arabia by the Red Sea being built from the ground up as a living laboratory - a place where entrepreneurship will chart the course for this new future. It will be a destination and a home for people who dream big and want to be part of building a new model for exceptional livability, creating thriving businesses and reinventing environmental conservation.
      

        NEOM will include hyperconnected, cognitive cities, ports and enterprise zones, research centers, sports and entertainment venues and tourist destinations. As a hub for innovation, entrepreneurs, business leaders and companies will come to research, incubate, and commercialize new technologies and enterprises in groundbreaking ways. Residents of NEOM will embody an international ethos and embrace a culture of exploration, risk-taking and diversity.
      

        For further information email media@NEOM.com or visit www.NEOM.com and www.NEOM.com/en-us/newsroom.
      

About Sindalah
        Sindalah is the first luxury island destination in NEOM and is one of the key projects supporting Saudi Arabia's national tourism strategy. A main gateway to the Red Sea offering bespoke nautical experiences, Sindalah will reshape the luxury international yachting calendar offering a new season for guests and visitors to enjoy. It will feature three hotels, a world-class marina, a luxury beach club, glamorous yacht club, international luxury retail outlets, and unique culinary offerings which will provide an incomparable experience in the Red Sea.
      

        NEOM is developing the island to be a premium destination surrounded by a stunning and diverse marine environment which has one of the world's most beautiful coral reserves. All NEOM projects are aligned to redefine the way humanity lives and works in harmony with nature.
      

        Sindalah is expected to start welcoming guests from early 2024.
      

Media Contact
        Chandan Belani
        Senior Area Director, Communications - Middle East & Africa
        Marriott International
        Chandan.Belani@marriott.com
      

Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
Marriott International Inc. published this content on 08 March 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 08 March 2023 19:16:07 UTC.
      

