FOSTER CITY - Gilead Sciences, Inc. (Nasdaq: GILD) today announced positive data from three retrospective real-world studies which demonstrated that initiation of Veklury (remdesivir) within the first two days of hospital admission can help reduce mortality and hospital readmission rates among all patients hospitalized with COVID-19, regardless of disease severity.A reduction in mortality was also observed in vulnerable populations, such as people living with cancer or HIV. These studies evaluated routine clinical practice data from more than 800 hospitals throughout the United States to gain insights on patient outcomes as COVID-19 continues to evolve over time. These data will be presented at the 30th Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections (CROI).'Early treatment with remdesivir led to better patient outcomes regardless of the predominant circulating variant of concern. We see this risk reduction consistently across all oxygen levels and disease severity, including in immunocompromised patients. This is indeed a paradigm shift in the way we think about treating our most vulnerable patients,' said Chidinma Chima-Melton, study author and pulmonologist at UCLA Health, California, U.S.A. 'Large studies utilizing real world clinical practice data are of great importance given the significant shifts that have occurred in the COVID-19 treatment landscape. These longitudinal analyses demonstrated the value of remdesivir in reducing mortality in all patients with COVID-19, and its positive impact on reducing readmission rates, which is an important consideration for hospitals.'Mortality Outcomes in Patients Hospitalized with COVID-19Two studies analyzed clinical practice information from the U.S. Premier Healthcare databases of more than 500,000 adult patients hospitalized with COVID-19. The overall analysis examined all-cause inpatient mortality rates at 14- and 28- days and demonstrated that initiation of Veklury within the first two days of hospital admission was associated with a statistically significant lower risk for mortality in all oxygen levels compared to matched controls that did not receive Veklury during their hospitalization for COVID-19. For patients with no documented use of supplemental oxygen at baseline, treatment with Veklury was associated with a 19% (p(C) 2023 Electronic News Publishing, source ENP Newswire