

      Amazon activates disaster relief services to help organizations responding to the devastating earthquake in Turkey.
    


February 7
First shipment of Amazon relief items leaves Istanbul for areas affected by earthquake


        A day after the devastating earthquake in Turkey, the first truckload of Amazon's donated relief items departed the company's fulfillment center in Istanbul.
      

        The supplies are heading to Hatay Province and include heaters, blankets, and other goods to aide first responders and help victims stay warm amid frigid weather. Rescue operations are ongoing following the Monday morning earthquake, which officials say killed over 7,700 people.
      

        Amazon customers can help by donating through a new donations page on Amazon's Turkey store. Within three hours of the page going live on Tuesday, customers had donated more than 5,000 items to help earthquake victims.
      

        As of Tuesday morning, all of Amazon's nearly 2,000 employees in Turkey were safe and accounted for. We continue to be in contact with organizations on the ground and the Turkish government to learn more about what's needed in areas impacted by the earthquake, and we will work with partners to deliver relief items and logistical support.
      

February 6
        Just after 4 a.m. local time on Monday, February 6, a 7.8-magnitude earthquake struck Turkey and the surrounding region, causing widespread devastation. Local authorities have confirmed at least 2,600 deaths and expect the figure to increase as search and rescue efforts continue.
      

        To assist impacted communities, Amazon has activated its disaster relief capabilities and is responding to help meet the immediate needs of the Red Crescent and other relief organizations. We are preparing to ship donated relief items from our fulfillment center in Istanbul to affected areas. Our donations will include items such as blankets, tents, heaters, food, diapers, baby food, medicine, and other emergency items as victims face not only the damage from the earthquake but frigid winter weather.
      

        We expect the first truckloads to depart on Wednesday.
      


Meet the employee behind Amazon's disaster relief efforts


          The Disaster Relief by Amazon team helps us leverage our expertise in logistics to coordinate relief efforts around the world.
        

Read more



        "This immediate delivery is just the beginning of Amazon's response," said Abe Diaz, head of Amazon's Disaster Relief program. "Over the coming days, we'll work with local organizations and disaster-relief groups to identify on-the-ground needs and use Amazon's logistics and delivery network to meet them."
      

        Amazon has nearly 2,000 employees in Turkey and no facilities in the impacted areas. Our local leaders spent the day Monday ensuring that staff and their families were safe and accounted for. We are committed to continue leveraging our infrastructure, inventory, and teams to provide the relief that's needed.
      

        Read more about Disaster Relief by Amazon.




        Related Tags
      

CommunityDisaster Relief by AmazonDonations


Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
Amazon.com Inc. published this content on 07 February 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 07 February 2023 23:33:07 UTC.
      

