Marriott International, Inc. announced it has signed an agreement with Rua Al Madinah Holding Company to open eight hotels in the Holy City of Madinah in Saudi Arabia. Located in close proximity to the Prophet's Mosque, Al Masjid An Nabawi, the planned properties will be part of the Rua Al Madinah Project which aims to elevate the service and travel experience for visitors of Madinah. The anticipated openings will feature approximately 4,400 rooms across eight of the company's brands - The Ritz-Carlton, JW Marriott, Marriott Hotels, Westin Hotels & Resorts, Le Meridien Hotels & Resorts, Four Points by Sheraton, Aloft Hotels, and Courtyard by Marriott.'There is a strong demand for high-quality hotel accommodation in Madinah and we are delighted to work with Rua Al Madinah Holding Company to support the enhancement and diversification of the city's hospitality landscape,' said Satya Anand, President, Europe, Middle East & Africa, Marriott International. 'This multi-deal agreement also strengthens our footprint in Saudi Arabia where we continue to see strong growth momentum in line with the Kingdom's vision for its tourism sector.''The agreement with one of the world's leading hospitality operators brings the Rua Al Madinah project a step closer to realising its ambitions to further enrich Madinah city's Hajj and Umrah services,' commented Eng. Ahmed Al Juhani, CEO of Rua Al Madinah Holding Company. 'This collaboration will culminate in the launch of eight new hotels and nearly 4.400 rooms that will serve both residents as well as visitors from around the world looking to visit Madinah.'The eight planned properties include The Ritz-Carlton, Rua Al Madinah which is slated to offer 151 luxurious rooms and suites including a signature Ritz-Carlton suite, multiple dining concepts, a 500-sqm ballroom, an expansive fitness centre and Ritz Kids space. JW Marriott Rua Al Madinah is anticipated to feature 252 well-appointed guestrooms and suites along with multiple dining concepts, a fitness centre and meeting room facilities.Plans for Madinah Marriott Hotel Rua Al Madinah include 450 spacious guest rooms and suites in addition to dining, recreation, and meeting facilities. Le Meridien Rua Al Madinah is expected to feature 533 modern guest rooms and suites, and three dining concepts alongside recreation and meeting facilities. The Westin Rua Al Madinah is anticipated to comprise 361 spacious rooms and suites, three dining outlets, a fitness centre, a kids club, and meeting facilities.Four Points by Sheraton Rua Al Madinah anticipates 777 modern rooms and apartments, two all-day dining concepts, spacious meeting facilities, and a fitness centre. Aloft Rua Al Madinah and Courtyard by Marriott Rua Al Madinah are expected to offer a combined 1,810 rooms and suites, 1,100 sqm of meeting space facilities, and multiple dining and recreation offerings.The expected openings in Madinah are part of Marriott International's commitment to the growth of the tourism sector in Saudi Arabia where the company's current portfolio encompasses 36 properties and more than 10,000 rooms across 11 of its brands.Rua Al Madinah Holding Company is responsible for the development masterplan for the Rua Al Madinah project and some other real estate projects in the Holy City of Madinah as one of the key initiatives of the Public Investment Fund to achieve Saudi Arabia's Vision 2030. The development of the Rua Al Madinah Project is expected to cover 1.5 million square meters, including 47,000 new rooms by 2030. Approximately 63% of the project's master plan will consist of open spaces. Integrated transportation solutions such as bus stops, and underground parking are anticipated to facilitate easy access to the Prophets' Mosque and support residential and commercial activity within the master development.About Marriott InternationalMarriott International, Inc. (NASDAQ: MAR) is based in Bethesda, Maryland, USA, and encompasses a portfolio of nearly 8,300 properties under 30 leading brands spanning 138 countries and territories. Marriott operates and franchises hotels and licenses vacation ownership resorts all around the world. The company offers Marriott Bonvoy, its highly awarded travel program. For more information, please visit our website at www.marriott.com. In addition, connect with us on Facebook and @MarriottIntl on Twitter and Instagram.About Rua Al Madinah HoldingA wholly-owned subsidiary of Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund, Rua Al Madinah Holding undertakes holistic development projects that feature modern urban planning to elevate the experience of residents and visitors of Madinah, the home to countless Islamic monuments that tell the story of the Prophet (PBUH) and his revered companions. The company aims to elevate Madinah as a modern Islamic and cultural destination.With a capital of SAR2.99 billion, Rua Al Madinah Holding aims to develop a comprehensive hospitality and retail ecosystem that further enhances the inclusive and communal nature of Madinah. Through diverse development projects and an ultramodern infrastructure that enrich the experience of both residents and visitors, the company's driving vision is to improve the quality of infrastructure and services according to the highest international standards. Rua Al Madinah Holding's strategy is fully aligned with the Public Investment Fund's efforts to develop and enable promising sectors and help accomplish the Vision 2030 objective of bringing 30 million Hajj and Umrah pilgrims to the Kingdom by the year 2030.Media ContactChandan BelaniSenior Area Director, Communications - Middle East & AfricaMarriott InternationalChandan.Belani@marriott.com(C) 2023 Electronic News Publishing, source ENP Newswire