
 
 
Corporate results:

BAE Systems: The British company posted a 9.5% increase in annual profits and expects further growth this year.
Ebay warned to expect a decline in demand in the current six months after a drop in profit in the last three months of 2022 amid pressure on consumer spending in the U.S. and Europe.
Eni: sees its net profit doubling to €13.8 billion in 2022.
Genmab: The Danish company expects its sales to rise and its operating profit to fall in 2023.
NVidia issued a revenue forecast for the current quarter on Wednesday that beat Wall Street expectations.
Pirelli: strong growth in 2022 results. The market will be less dynamic this year.
Rolls-Royce topped forecasts with a 57% increase in profit.
NetApp reported adjusted fourth-quarter earnings per share below Wall Street expectations.
Telefonica: 2022 net profit exceeds market expectations at €2bn.
WPP: expects growth of 3 to 5% in 2023.
Lucid Group posted quarterly revenue below the Refinitiv consensus.
Bumble expects revenue growth this year of 16 percent to 19 percent, a rate higher than the market expected.

 
In other news:

Firmenich and Royal DSM get the green light from the EU for their merger.
Third Point wants to make its voice heard at the general meeting at Bed Bath & Beyond.
The supervisory board of SAP nominates Punit Renjen as chairman to replace Hasso Plattner.
John Wood rejects Apollo's takeover offer for 1.6 bn GBP.
Sika agrees to sell some of MBCC's assets to resolve competition issues in Canada.
Orsted offers €2bn of green bonds to finance renewable energy expansion.
Eni reaches agreement on biofuels for Saipem's naval fleet.
Roche commercializes two antibodies to diagnose brain cancer.
Deutsche Bank plans to strengthen its operations in Mexico.
Moderna announced that its experimental skin cancer vaccine combined with Merck& Co's Keytruda now has "breakthrough therapy" status as designated by U.S. regulators.
Bank of America (BofA) set aside $1.2 billion for litigation and fine settlements last year, compared with $164 million in 2021.
Wells Fargo laid off hundreds of mortgage bankers this week as part of its recent strategic plan, CNBC reports.

Main earnings reports today: Alibaba, AstraZeneca, Raytheon, Honeywell, Unilever, S&P Global, Intuit, Deutsche Telekom, EssilorLuxottica, AXA, Solvay, GSK, Moderna... All the agenda is here.
