WASHINGTON, Jan 26 (Reuters) - Sophisticated and
expensive machinery used to make semiconductors, more
widely-known as "chip-making tools", are in the news again, amid
talks where the United States will urge Japanese and Dutch
officials to crack down on shipments of the prized equipment to
China.Below is more information about these machines.WHAT ARE CHIP-MAKING TOOLS?A single chip factory can contain 1,000 or more tools, each
tuned to a different step in the process. One
critical chipmaking step, called lithography, involves tools
that can be the size of double-decker buses, weighing more than
200 tonnes. They produce beams of focused light that create the
microscopic circuitry on computer chips used in everything from
phones and laptops to cars and AI.The biggest and most sophisticated lithography machines
require three Boeing 747s to carry them in sections and can cost
as much as $160 million.WHICH FIRMS MAKE THEM?While American firms such as Applied Materials, KLA
and LAM Research are dominant players in the
chip manufacturing equipment industry, they face competition
from Japanese rivals like Tokyo Electron. And certain
parts of the process, such as lithography, are dominated by
Dutch firm ASML and Japan's Nikon and Canon
, with no meaningful U.S. competitors.Since 2000, ASML has rapidly taken market share from
Japanese competitors, which now mainly focus on older
technology. ASML controls more than 90% of the lithography
market. No competitor is attempting to build the most
sophisticated EUV system, citing high development costs.Shortages of ASML’s machines are a bottleneck for
chipmakers, which have plans to spend more than $100 billion in
the coming years to build extra fabrication plants to meet
demand.WHY DOES THE U.S. WANT TO LIMIT CHINA'S ACCESS TO THEM?American officials have said they want to limit China's
progress in making advanced semiconductors because such work is
key to China's efforts to modernise its military. They want to
slow China's military progress because they are concerned about
a direct confrontation if China moves to take Taiwan, the
democratic island off its coast that China claims is part of its
territory.WHAT IS THE U.S. DOING TO LIMIT CHINA'S ACCESS?In October, the United States annnounced a sweeping set of
export controls, including measures tightly restricting Chinese
access to U.S. chipmaking technology, in a bid to slow Beijing's
technological and military advances.The raft of measures, if effective, could hobble China's
chip manufacturing industry by forcing American and foreign
companies that use U.S. technology to cut off support for some
of China's leading factories and chip designers.But to be effective, the United States needs the Netherlands
and Japan to jump on board with similar restrictions.
(Reporting by Chris Sanders and Stephen Nellis; Editing by
Sharon Singleton)