
Xumo Enterprise, the business-to-business arm of the new streaming platform joint venture between Comcast and Charter, provides the industry with tools and services to make free ad-supported streaming TV (FAST) more accessible. Today, it announced a new suite of software and technology solutions providing content owners, advertisers, and streaming platforms more ways to program, manage and monetize a customized streaming solution that can scale up or down to meet their unique needs and business goals.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230105005626/en/Xumo Enterprise Unveils Expanded Suite of Solutions for Building, Managing and Monetizing Fast Channels and Services (Graphic: Business Wire)
“As more streamers look to supplement their subscription services with free programming, FAST services are becoming an increasingly popular way for content owners and advertisers to reach new viewers,” said Stefan Van Engen, Vice President of Content Acquisition and Programming, Xumo. “Since 2016 we have powered many of the leading FAST channels and services globally, and today’s announcement provides the growing industry with even more tools to maximize an existing FAST offering or create a new one.”

As part of the new solution suite, Xumo Enterprise is now offering content owners the ability to manage their own FAST channels within its reimagined content management system (CMS) designed to make channel management for the emerging FAST business simple and intuitive. The PGA TOUR is the first content partner to utilize Xumo Enterprise’s CMS to manage its FAST channel across available platforms. Capabilities of the CMS include building a programming schedule, managing ad loads, and gaining viewing and engagement insights.

“Our FAST channel has seen rapid growth over the past year – we’ve added more programming from our archives, expanded to new platforms and increased overall engagement,” said Tom Jeffs, Vice President of Media Business Development, PGA TOUR. “Xumo Enterprise’s CMS solution has been a great asset for us, giving us a simple way to nimbly program and manage our FAST channel as an extension of our broader storytelling efforts.”

Xumo Enterprise’s CMS offering enhances and extends the company’s existing enterprise solutions, which saw unprecedented growth in 2022 as FAST adoption within the industry soared. The company delivered 65% more streaming hours to its enterprise customers in 2022 than it did the year prior. Xumo Enterprise’s existing suite of software and technology solutions include:

About Xumo

Xumo, a joint venture between Comcast and Charter, was formed to develop and offer a next-generation streaming platform on a variety of branded 4K streaming devices and smart TVs. Powered by Comcast’s global technology platform, Xumo devices and services feature an entertainment experience designed to make it easy for consumers to find and enjoy their favorite streaming content through a world-class user interface and voice search, and for partners to meaningfully connect and engage with millions of consumers.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230105005626/en/