MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay, Feb.  23, 2023  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- MercadoLibre, Inc. (Nasdaq: MELI) (http://www.mercadolibre.com), Latin America’s leading e-commerce technology company, today reported financial results for the quarter ended December 31st, 2022, in a letter to shareholders, which is now posted to the Investor Relations section of MercadoLibre’s website.The Company will host an earnings video as well as a conference call and audio webcast for any questions that investors may have on February 23rd, 2022, at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time. To participate in our conference call, investors, analysts, and the market in general may access the following link at https://register.vevent.com/register/BI8c9c2828ad0f442da9feaf903a3c4106 to be provided with the dial-in number and personal pin code to join the conference call. Access to our video webcast and the live audio will be available in the investor relations section of the Company's website, at http://investor.mercadolibre.com. An archive of the webcast will be available for one week following the conclusion of the conference call.About MercadoLibreMercadoLibre hosts the largest online commerce and payments ecosystem in Latin America, focusing on enabling e-commerce and digital and mobile financial service on behalf of its customers by delivering a suite of technology solutions across the complete value chain of commerce. The company is present in 18 countries including: Argentina, Brazil, Mexico, Colombia, Chile and Peru. Based on unique visitors and page views we are market leaders in each of the major countries where we are present.Through its online commerce platform and related services, MercadoLibre provides its users with robust online commerce and payments tools that not only contribute to the development of a large and growing e-commerce community in Latin America (a region with a population of over 650 million people and one of the fastest-growing Internet penetration rates in the world), but also foster entrepreneurship and social mobility. Its main focus is to deliver compelling technological and commercial solutions that address the distinctive cultural and geographic challenges of operating an online commerce and payments platform in Latin America. For more information about MercadoLibre.com, visit: http://investor.mercadolibre.comInvestor Relations Contact:investor@mercadolibre.comhttp://investor.mercadolibre.comMedia Relations Contact:valeria.bazzi@mercadolibre.com2023 GlobeNewswire, Inc., source Press Releases