



          Baker Hughes
        

          Climate Technology Solutions
        

          Chris Barkey, CTO, Industrial & Energy Technology Alessandro Bresciani, SVP - Climate Technology Solutions
        

          Tom Harper, VP - Commercial Development, Climate Technology Solutions
        

          January 30, 2023
        



          Copyright 2023 Baker Hughes Company. All rights reserved. The information contained in this document is company confidential and proprietary property of Baker Hughes and its affiliates. It is to be used only for the benefit of Baker Hughes and may not be distributed, transmitted, reproduced, altered, or used for any purpose without the express written consent of Baker Hughes.
        




        2
      

        This presentation (and oral statements made regarding the subjects of this release) may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of
      

        1934, as amended, (each a "forward-looking statement"). The words "anticipate," "believe," "ensure," "expect," "if," "intend," "estimate," "project," "foresee," "forecasts," "predict," "outlook," "aim," "will," "could," "should," "potential," "would," "may," "probable," "likely," and similar expressions, and the negative thereof, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. There are many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also affected by the risk factors described in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021 and those set forth from time to time in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The documents are available through the Company's website at: www.investors.bakerhughes.com or through the SEC's Electronic Data Gathering and Analysis Retrieval ("EDGAR") system at: www.sec.gov. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement.
      

        Copyright 2023 Baker Hughes Company. All rights reserved.
      







                CLIMATE TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS
              



                3
              




          Decades of experience working with natural gas, H2 & CO2


          Uniquely placed to play a leading role in the decarbonization of the energy & industrial sectors
        




            Baker Hughes Today
          

#1 provider of liquefaction equipment and services
          

60 years of experience working with Hydrogen
          

            Leading provider of compression equipment for all gases


            Condition monitoring specialist - driving equipment reliability & efficiency
          



            Early Life of CTS
          

~$400M of New Energy orders in 2023
          

            Deploying existing equipment in CCUS, H2, Clean Power &


            Emissions Management applications


            Leveraging relationships with energy companies to play a leading role in early-stage projects
          



            Future CTS
          

$6-7B New Energy orders opportunity by 2030
          

            Global leader in energy efficiency and carbon abatement technologies
          

            Successfully incubated and commercially deployed technology investments
          

            Diverse customer base across energy & industrial sectors
          




          Copyright 2023 Baker Hughes Company. All rights reserved.
        








                CLIMATE TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS
              



                4
              










          CTS - our approach
        

          Leveraging our existing technologies and market presence, while we build for the future
        

          OUR APPROACH
        




Enter new markets & penetrate
          

            existing customer base
          

            Decarbonize existing O&G customer operations with existing technology
          


Leverage installed base


Emissions Abatement leveraging proven technologies



            Enter new industrial markets
          


Create new cross-industry partnerships
            

Build new industrial sales



            Building new business models &
          

            offerings for a "forming" market
          


Creating a differentiated position as the market evolves



            Copyright 2023 Baker Hughes Company. All rights reserved.
          



Invest in future, innovative
          

            technologies
          

            Focused on adding capabilities in areas of CCUS, H2 & Clean Power
          

            The future of gas fired power generation
          

            Low LCOC1 for small emitters
          

            Net-zero H2
          

            Gen II Solvent for large scale Carbon Capture
          

            MOFs2 platform for Direct
          

            Air Capture
          

            + Additional 7 investments
          



Leverage technology expertise to commercialize investments
          

            World leading R&D capability
          


Advanced manufacturing & materials engineering


Turbomachinery, Fluid dynamics, Roto dynamics & combustion



            Global network of test centers
          


Bench Scale , Full Scale & Field Pilot testing facilities



            Global supply chain and manufacturing scale
          





Levelized Cost of Capture


Metal-organicFramework
          









                CLIMATE TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS
              



                5
              










          Market activity - strategic collaborations
        

          A sample of our successes so far
        





Green Hydrogen, NEOM, Saudi Arabia - Providing advanced hydrogen compression technology
            

Blue Hydrogen, Edmonton, Alberta, Canada - Providing 100% hydrogen fueled NovaLT 16 gas turbine technology to APD
            





CCUS, Kasawari, Sarawak, Malaysia - Separate and compress 3.3 MTPA of CO2 at the offshore CCS platform, the worlds largest offshore CCS facility
            





          Copyright 2023 Baker Hughes Company. All rights reserved.
        

This is an excerpt of the original content. To continue reading it, access the original document here.
Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
Baker Hughes Company published this content on 30 January 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 30 January 2023 12:43:08 UTC.
      

