A year ago, Airbnb.org committed to connecting up to 100,000 people fleeing the war in Ukraine to free, temporary housing. As the world marks one year since the start of the conflict in Ukraine, Airbnb.org has helped connect nearly 130,000 people to free stays. These stays were funded by Airbnb, Inc., other donors to Airbnb.org, and the generosity of Hosts who offered free and discounted stays through Airbnb.org.This work was also made possible by Airbnb.org's trusted humanitarian partners that helped book and coordinate stays for refugee guests. Airbnb.org has worked with more than 40 organizations around the world to provide temporary accommodation to people fleeing Ukraine.Today, Airbnb.org continues to work with its global network of nonprofit organizations to assist refugees from Ukraine, where renewed violence and harsh winter conditions have intensified the need for housing.In Europe, partners including Alight, International Organization for Migration, and Phineo continue to help families fleeing Ukraine.In the US, HIAS and Church World Service are some of the partners that are helping place refugees from Ukraine into temporary stays.In Canada, CUIAS, Calgary Catholic Immigration Society, Jewish Immigrant Aid Service (JIAS) and others are welcoming those fleeing the conflict in Ukraine.In addition, Airbnb.org grew its network of organizations in 2022 to include Nova Ukraine, Global Empowerment Mission (GEM), EURORDIS and Phineo- as well as hyperlocal community-based organizations such as Community Sponsorship Hub to better serve people in need. These partnerships are one way Airbnb.org expressed its ongoing commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility.Throughout the Ukraine crisis GEM has assisted thousands of individuals and families with their need to relocate globally. We are grateful for the collaboration and support of Airbnb.org, which has allowed us to offer displaced individuals a safe and healthy environment in an otherwise stressful and disheartening situation.Michael Capponi, Founder and President of Global Empowerment Mission Inc.To support this response, more than 48,000 Hosts from 160 countries and regions around the world offered to open up their homes to refugees through Airbnb.org. To date, refugees fleeing Ukraine have found refuge with Hosts across more than 98 countries and regions, including Germany, Poland, Denmark, Romania, Hungary, the US and Canada.Supporting refugees is core to Airbnb.org's work, and it remains dedicated to working with partners to offer help to people fleeing Ukraine, as well as displaced people impacted by the earthquakes in Turkiye and Syria and other crises, in the months to come.People interested in supporting this critical work can visit airbnb.org to donate. Currently, all donations will be matched up to a total of $5 million USD. That means every gift will have twice the impact, and will help fund the cost of housing for people in times of crisis.About AirbnbAirbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals across over 220 countries and regions. Travel on Airbnb keeps more of the financial benefits of tourism with the people and places that make it happen. Airbnb has generated billions of dollars in earnings for Hosts, most of whom are individuals listing the homes in which they live. Among Hosts who report their gender, more than half are women, and one in five employed Hosts are either teachers or healthcare workers. Travel on Airbnb also has generated more than $4 billion in tax revenue around the world. Airbnb has helped advance more than 1,000 regulatory frameworks for short-term rentals, including in 80% of our top 200 geographies. In late 2020, to support our continued expansion and diversification, we launched the City Portal to provide governments with a one-stop shop that supports data sharing and compliance with local registration rules. We continue to invest in innovations and tools to support our ongoing work with governments around the world to advance travel that best serves communities.About Airbnb.orgAirbnb.org is a nonprofit organization dedicated to facilitating temporary stays for people in times of crisis around the world. Airbnb.org operates independently and leverages Airbnb, Inc.'s technology, services, and other resources at no charge to carry out Airbnb.org's charitable purpose. The inspiration for Airbnb.org began in 2012 with a single host named Shell who opened up her home to people impacted by Hurricane Sandy. This sparked a movement and marked the beginning of a program that allows Hosts on Airbnb to provide stays for people in times of need. Since then, the program has evolved to focus on emergency response and to help provide stays to evacuees, relief workers, refugees, asylum seekers, and frontline workers fighting the spread of COVID-19. Since then, Hosts have offered to open up their homes and helped provide accommodations to 100,000 people in times of need. Airbnb.org is a separate and independent entity from Airbnb, Inc. Airbnb, Inc. does not charge service fees for Airbnb.org supported stays on its platform.Airbnb PressAirbnb Press OfficeAirbnb(C) 2023 Electronic News Publishing, source ENP Newswire