

Introducing eBay Guaranteed Fit by eBay Motors. Your car, truck, and motorcycle Parts & Accessorieslistings now have enhanced fitment functionality and returns protections for items that don't fit. An added "Fits your vehicle" checkmark will give buyers more confidence and trust that their purchases will fit their vehicles. 


How it works


Now, when a buyer searches for a part or accessory using their vehicle details, we'll check their details against the fitment compatibility table in your listings and only show items that fit the buyer's vehicle details. If the buyer purchases an eligible part or accessory, indicated by a green "Fits your vehicle" checkmark in the listing, but the part doesn't fit, eBay will cover the return shipping costs. Exceptions apply.


eBay Guaranteed Fit benefits to sellers



Fewer returns. As buyers learn to provide vehicle fitment details to return better item matches in their search results, the risk of potential returns due to incorrect fitment is reduced.


Free return label.In the unlikely event that a buyer needs to return an item because it doesn't fit, eBay will pay for return shipping. Exceptions apply.


Sales conversion. Enhanced buyer experience may help to generate more sales.



Categories eligible for eBay Guaranteed Fit protections


Most items in the Car & Truck categoryand Motorcycle categoryare covered by the protections with the exception of tires and wheels. More categories will be added in the future. In order for items to be eligible, you must add compatibility information to your items that are listed in eligible categories. Learn more about  parts compatibility listings.


Learn moreabout how to participate in the program and how these protections work.


As always, thank you for selling on eBay.


The eBay Motors Team


Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
eBay Inc. published this content on 14 February 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 15 February 2023 00:14:08 UTC.
      

