


        As we enter 2023, I'm gratified at what we accomplished with our partners in 2022 and optimistic about the future. Last year IoT continued to transform the world through unprecedented digitization. We saw IoT deliver increased business resiliency, more sustainable working conditions, energy efficiencies, and much more. Regardless of the industry or use case, businesses are turning to IoT to connect and protect what matters most.
      

        Our strong collaboration with industry partners is the foundation of Cisco's IoT business success. Because of those partnerships, we've experienced sustained growth across all Cisco's IoT businesses, surpassing $1 billion in revenue in 2022 with double digit year-over-year growth. A strategic part of our IoT business is Cisco IoT Control Center, the industry leading connectivity management platform (CMP) that helps communication service providers (CSP) grow faster, simplify operations, and deliver better business outcomes to enterprise and business customers. CSPs and enterprises continue to choose IoT Control Center as their go-to CMP, with 10% year-over-year revenue growth. Today, there are over 220 million devices (and growing) utilizing IoT Control Center, with over 92 million connected cars.
      

IoT at global scale


        IoT Control Center manages IoT at scale and we work with more than 50 CSPs globally to serve over 32,000 enterprises around the world. We're constantly working closely with our CSP partners to identify critical innovations and make important investments in the IoT Control Center platform and business. From the introduction of a Mass-IoT solution to AI/ML-based cost optimization and anomaly detection capabilities, we're continuously looking ahead to help customers capture new revenue opportunities and ensure they receive maximum value from our platform.
      

        Furthermore, the IoT Control Center platform is the foundation of our Mobility strategy. We recently introduced Cisco Private 5G service on the platform and will introduce more 5G IoT and business services over the coming months. This ongoing investment in the platform continues to support a robust, stable, and sustainable business. Through our simple subscription-based business model, we're empowering and accelerating the global adoption of IoT for our CSP customers.
      

Connected cars


        Transportation is driving the evolution of connectivity, particularly around 5G, and together with our CSP partners we work closely with automobile manufacturers across the globe to meet their increasingly complex needs for mission-critical connectivity.
      

        The foundation of our business resiliency and growth is built on our industry leadership in this high-value, high-growth connected transportation space, along with a healthy mix of mass IoT use cases. Our ongoing commitment to innovation and investment in connected transportation technology will ensure future leadership and continued profitability for our CSP partners.
      

Bright future ahead


        Building on over 16 years of Cisco IoT industry leadership, we and our CSP partners are uniquely positioned and prepared to lead enterprise customers into a new era of 5G intelligent connectivity to connect everything and everyone, everywhere.  As I look to 2023, I do so with optimism about the future and confidence in the power of our partnerships to deliver a truly connected future for all.
      

        [Sidebar] "Our collaboration with Cisco has been the cornerstone of our IoT business for many years and we count on their continued technology leadership and our ongoing partnership to drive our future IoT success." - Cyril Deschanel, Managing Director, Tele2 IoT


        [Sidebar] "Our close collaboration and partnership with Cisco is crucial in achieving our plans to spur more development of IoT business services across the service and Data Center provider industry in Indonesia and the region." Andreuw ThaF CEO NeutraDC Telkom Indonesia


Learn more


        Take a few moments to read more about Cisco IoT Control Center and see how our innovative connectivity management platform helps CSPs and enterprises grow their business.
      

Additional Resources


        Press Release - T-Mobile and Cisco Launch World's Largest Cloud Native Converged Core Gateway


        Press Release - Telkom and Cisco Establish Strategic Collaboration on IoT Control Center and Software Defined Network in ASEAN


        Press Release - Cisco Helps Usher in New Era for Mass IoT


        Press Release - Cisco Brings the Promise of Private 5G to Enterprises, Together with Global Partners


        Press Release - AT&T and Cisco Launch 5G Service for the Internet of Things


        Press Release - Cisco and General Motors Combine Forces for the Future of Connectivity in Cars


        Press Release - Verizon-Cisco Collaboration Advances Autonomous Vehicle Tech with Streamlined Architecture


        Press Release - Spark New Zealand Strengthens Its IoT Platform with Cisco to Help Business Customers Improve Productivity


        Press Release - Cisco and General Motors Combine Forces for the Future of Connectivity in Cars


        Share:
      


Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
Cisco Systems Inc. published this content on 12 January 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 12 January 2023 16:29:08 UTC.
      

