
IMDb (www.imdb.com), the world’s most popular and authoritative source for information on movies, TV shows, and celebrities, today unveiled the Most Anticipated Movies and TV Series of 2023. Rather than base its annual rankings on small statistical samplings or reviews from professional critics, IMDb determines its list of the most anticipated titles by the actual page views of the more than 200 million monthly visitors to IMDb. This exclusive and definitive data is derived from the IMDbPro movie and TV rankings, which are updated weekly throughout the year.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230103005024/en/IMDb Announces the Most Anticipated Movies and Series of 2023 (Photo credit: IMDb)
IMDb Most Anticipated Movies of 2023*

*Among the movies with planned releases in 2023, these 10 were consistently the most popular with IMDb users, as determined by the actual page views of the more than 200 million monthly visitors to IMDb worldwide in 2022. This exclusive data is derived from the IMDbPro movie rankings, which are updated weekly throughout the year. IMDb users can add these and other titles to their IMDb Watchlist, and get alerts when they become available.

IMDb Most Anticipated New Series of 2023*

*The 10 new TV shows and limited series that will premiere in 2023 and consistently ranked highest on the IMDbPro proprietary weekly TV rankings throughout 2022. IMDbPro rankings are based on the actual page views of the more than 200 million monthly visitors to IMDb worldwide. IMDb users can add these and other titles to their IMDb Watchlist, and get alerts when they become available.

"IMDb customers are eagerly anticipating tales of iconic childhood characters like Barbie, Ariel, and Winnie-the-Pooh, as well as new storylines from popular video game franchises Mario, and The Last of Us," said Nikki Santoro, IMDb chief operating officer. “What a lineup of incredible titles coming in 2023 for entertainment fans to start loading onto their IMDb Watchlists.”

Additional insight into trending movies, TV shows, and celebrities, with rankings updated weekly, is available to IMDbPro members throughout the year on both the site and apps for iPhone, iPad, and Android. IMDbPro includes comprehensive information and tools designed to help entertainment industry professionals achieve success throughout all stages of their career. IMDbPro offers members the following: detailed contact and representation information; more than 25,000 in-development film and TV titles not available on IMDb; tools to manage and showcase their IMDb profile, including selecting their primary images and the credits they are best “known for”; IMDbPro Track, which allows members to receive personalized entertainment industry news and updates on the people and film and TV projects they want to follow; and a convenient tool that generates custom digital assets to promote their work on social media and other platforms. To become a member today, visit www.imdbpro.com.

About IMDb

IMDb is the world's most popular and authoritative source for information on movies, TV shows, and celebrities. Products and services to help fans decide what to watch and where to watch it include: the IMDb website for desktop and mobile devices; apps for iOS and Android; and X-Ray on Prime Video. IMDb also produces IMDb original video series and podcasts. For entertainment industry professionals, IMDb provides IMDbPro and Box Office Mojo. IMDb licenses information from its vast and authoritative database to third-party businesses worldwide; learn more at developer.imdb.com. IMDb is an Amazon company. For more information, visit imdb.com/press and follow @IMDb.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230103005024/en/