

THOUSAND OAKS, Calif., Jan. 26, 2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Amgen (NASDAQ:AMGN) today announced that it will report its fourth quarter and full year 2022 financial results on Tuesday, Jan. 31, 2023, after the close of the U.S. financial markets. The announcement will be followed by a conference call with the investment community at 4:30 p.m. ET. Participating in the call from Amgen will be Robert A. Bradway, chairman and chief executive officer, and other members of Amgen's senior management team.
Live audio of the conference call will be simultaneously broadcast over the internet and will be available to members of the news media, investors and the general public.
The webcast, as with other selected presentations regarding developments in Amgen's business given by management at certain investor and medical conferences, can be found on Amgen's website, www.amgen.com, under Investors. Information regarding presentation times, webcast availability and webcast links are noted on Amgen's Investor Relations Events Calendar. The webcast will be archived and available for replay for at least 90 days after the event.
About Amgen Amgen is committed to unlocking the potential of biology for patients suffering from serious illnesses by discovering, developing, manufacturing and delivering innovative human therapeutics. This approach begins by using tools like advanced human genetics to unravel the complexities of disease and understand the fundamentals of human biology. 
Amgen focuses on areas of high unmet medical need and leverages its expertise to strive for solutions that improve health outcomes and dramatically improve people's lives. A biotechnology pioneer since 1980, Amgen has grown to be one of the world's leading independent biotechnology companies, has reached millions of patients around the world and is developing a pipeline of medicines with breakaway potential. 
Amgen is one of the 30 companies that comprise the Dow Jones Industrial Average and is also part of the Nasdaq-100 index. In 2022, Amgen was named one of the "World's Best Employers" by Forbes and one of "America's 100 Most Sustainable Companies" by Barron's.
For more information, visit Amgen.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram, TikTok and YouTube. 
CONTACT: Amgen, Thousand Oaks Jessica Akopyan, 805-447-0974 (media) Megan Fox, 805-447-1423 (media)Arvind Sood, 805-447-1060 (investors) 

 


 View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/amgen-announces-webcast-of-2022-fourth-quarter-and-full-year-financial-results-301731833.html
SOURCE  Amgen


