Investigators are still searching for a motive for Saturday's attack which happened during Lunar New Year celebrations in Monterey Park.They have identified 72-year-old Huu Can Tran as the sole suspect.He killed himself when approached by police about 12 hours after the attack.On Monday, police officers searched his home in a gated senior-living community in the town of Hemet.County Sheriff Robert Lunar said hundreds of rounds of ammunition had been seized in the raid. "We recovered 308 caliber rifle, numerous electronic devices such as cellphones, computers, etc. Items that lead us to believe the suspect was manufacturing homemade firearm suppressors."He added that Tran had a limited past criminal history, including a 1990 arrest for unlawful possession of a firearm, and that police did not have any specific information about the motive:"The question is, there's information out there that the suspect may have committed these crimes, and I'm paraphrasing, due to jealousy or some relationship issues. We're hearing those things, too, but have not confirmed any of that information. It's part of what our investigators are diligently looking into."Hemet police said in a statement released on Monday that Tran had come to the department twice in early January alleging "past fraud, theft and poisoning allegations involving his family" dating back 10 to 20 years.According to the police, Tran had said he would return with documentation regarding his claims but never did.The attack, which was one of California's bloodiest outbursts of mass gun violence, has sent shockwaves through the small retirement community he lived in."Most of our residents are just going to be surprised. Like I say, we didn't expect nothing of this guy. And it's really early in the morning and the chatter now is on Facebook. You know, that's what that will be, because they're going to I knew him. You know, that's how it goes. You know, you're surprised. You know, we've had, we've had everybody live in this park. We've had mayors, ex mayors and so forth, you know."One resident described him as a 'meek' and not very outgoing man who liked to dance.He is said to have been a regular at the dance studio where the massacre happened, giving informal lessons and even meeting his ex-wife at the venue.