
 
 

Eisai and Biogen received accelerated approval for their Alzheimer's treatment in the U.S. at an annual cost of $26,500.
Goldman Sachs will cut about 3,200 jobs this week as part of a restructuring program, according to Bloomberg.
Qatar Energy and Chevron are partnering in a $6 billion petrochemical plant.
Stora Enso completed the acquisition of De Jong Packaging Group for €1.02 billion.
Silchester becomes WPP's third largest shareholder and may ask for the removal of the chairman of the board.
Alibaba plans to invest $1bn in Turkey.
FDA reports potential ineffectiveness of AstraZeneca's COVID-19 drug against the new Omicron sub-variant. AstraZeneca to acquire CinCor Pharma for $1.8 billion.
Sartorius AG CEO expects less technological opening with China.
Autoneum acquires Borgers for €117 million.
Qiagen acquires Verogen for $150M.
Otsuka and Lundbeck gets FDA priority review for Brexpiprazole for the treatment of agitation associated with Alzheimer's dementia.
Macy's estimates Q4 2022 revenue at the low end of guidance.
Jack Ma no longer controls Ant Group.
Oracle, Verizon, AT&T, Intuit, Repsol, Equinor and Barry Callebaut detach dividends.
Tesla announced Monday an extension of delivery times for some of its Y models in China, a sign of increased demand after the recent price cut.
Chevron and Exxon Mobil were up about 1.5% in premarket trading as oil prices rose following the reopening of China's borders on Sunday.
Macy's expects to report lower-than-expected fourth-quarter sales and limited spending in 2023 due to inflation.
Salesforce is looking to save $3 billion to $5 billion, CEO Marc Benioff told employees, Fortune magazine reported Friday, citing an audio recording of the meeting.
Moderna - COVID-19 vaccine sales were $18.4 billion in 2022, in line with the group's forecast.
CVS expects to post annual sales above its expectations of $309 billion to $314 billion and adjusted earnings per share at the high end of its guidance.
Abercrombie & Fitch raised its sales guidance for the last three months of 2022.
Lululemon Athletica lost 10% in premarket trading after announcing it expects gross margins to decline in the fourth quarter, hurt by inflation.
China will not include Pfizer's COVID-19 antiviral Paxlovid on its list of treatments covered by medical insurance plans because of its high price.
Biopharmaceutical company Cincor is to be bought by AstraZeneca for up to $1.8 billion, the Anglo-Swedish company announced Monday.

