Indian Visa from BelgiumAll foreign travelers visiting India are required to apply for an Indian Visa before arriving in the country. Citizens of 169 countries around the world can now apply for Indian e-Visa to visit the country. Belgian citizens are eligible to apply for the different types of Indian e-Visas available to them depending on the nature of their intended visit to the country.The Indian Visa for Belgian Citizens has been available as an online application form from the Government of India since 2014. For tourism purposes, the Government of India offers the Indian Tourist e-Visa, which allows travelers to visit the country for yoga retreats, sightseeing tours and family visits. Belgian travelers can also apply for an Indian Business e-Visa if they intend to visit the country for business purposes, or they can apply for an e-Medical Visa if they intend to receive medical treatment in the country.The application process is relatively simple and does not require a visit to a local embassy or consulate. Complete the entire application online and receive the e-Visa electronically via email.REQUIRED DOCUMENTS FOR CITIZENS OF BELGIAN*Valid passport: you shouldn't have issues with obtaining a passport, and if you already have one, take a look at the expiration date. *Digital photo of yourself: this photo must be as recent as possible. You should avoid face gestures in it, and the background should be white. *A complete passport scan of the information page *A valid email address to receive the Indian E-Visa in their Inbox. *Means of payment: You can use a credit or a debit card, and since PayPal is quite popular nowadays, you can use that as well. *Business card copy and invitation letter: this requirement applies to people who want to go to India for business purposes and apply for an India business e-Visa. *Letter from the hospital in India: this is valid for people who apply for a medical e-Visa.Indian Visa from AustriaYou don't have to worry about that if you are planning to travel to India. Indian Visa for Austrian Citizens has been available as an online application form from the Government of India since 2014. Austrian citizens can apply for one of several types of India e-Visas, depending on the purpose of their trip to the country.The Indian government requires all foreigners visiting India to apply for a visa before arriving in the country. You can apply for an e-Visa to India which is the electronic version of visiting an embassy. In 2014, the Government of India introduced an Electronic Travel Authorization, allowing citizens of 166 countries to apply for and receive an Indian Electronic Visa. In order to participate in tourism-related activities, spiritual retreats or visiting friends and family in India, Austrian travelers can apply for an India Tourist eVisa.If the purpose of the visit is to engage in business activities, an Indian Business eVisa is more appropriate. In addition, travelers can also apply for an Indian e-Medical Visa if the purpose of the visit is to engage in medical tourism during their visit to the country. Travelers should apply for an Indian e-Visa online or through a local Indian Embassy or Consulate.Required Documents for the Indian eVisa for Austrian Citizens*Having a passport with a validity of at least 6 months from the date of the traveler's arrival in India *Having at least 2 blank pages on the passport where entry and exit stamps can be placed *A complete passport scan of the information page *Means of payment - You can use a credit or a debit card, and if you have an account on PayPal, you can use that too. *A valid email address to receive the Indian e-Visa in their Inbox. *Business card copy and invitation letter - this requirement applies to people who want to go to India on business and apply for an India business eVisa.INDIA VISA APPLICATION PROCESSIndia attracts millions of travelers from all over the world with an attractive trip to India all year round. There are many reasons to visit India be it mountains or plains, beaches or backwaters, wildlife tours or adventure activities, remote islands or bustling metropolitan culinary delights or local drinks, spiritual celebrations or romantic vacations. The Government of India has introduced an Electronic Travel Authorization or Electronic Visa for India, allowing citizens of 180 countries to travel to India without the need for a physical passport stamp. Travelers are therefore encouraged to use this program to obtain their India e-Visa as the process is efficient and effective. Since 2014, international travelers wishing to visit India are no longer required to apply for a traditional Indian paper Visa in order to travel, eliminating the hassle of applying for. As most visitors now prefer to complete the Indian Visa Application online, there is no need to go to the Embassy in person and fill out forms and submit documents to the government.Types of Indian e-Visa*Tourist e-Visa *Business e-Visa *Medical Visa e-VisaIndian Visa Application Online Document Requirements*An electronic or scanned copy of the first (biographical) page of the visitor's passport, which must be the standard passport and valid for at least 6 months from the date of entry into India; Otherwise you will need to renew your passport. *A color copy of the visitor's most recent passport photograph (face only and can be taken with a phone). *A working email address and a debit or credit card to pay for registration fees.INDIAN VISA FROM NEW ZEALANDThe Indian Visa for New Zealand Citizens has been available as an online application form from the Government of India since 2014. However, it is now possible to apply for an e-Visa for India from New Zealand online only. New Zealand citizens are among the 170 nationalities eligible to apply for an Indian Visa online. The simplified e-Visa for New Zealand and India allows travelers to obtain an electronic travel authorization for India from the comfort of their own home. New Zealand can obtain a multiple-entry visa allowing up to 90 days of tourism on each entry and is valid for 365 days from the date of approval. You can also get a double-entry tourist visa, which will allow you a total stay of up to 30 days. All the different types of e-Visas for New Zealand and India are multiple-entry travel authorizations, with the exception of the online medical visa which is triple entry visa. This online entry visa to India eliminates the need to visit an embassy or consulate to apply in person or wait in long lines at the border to apply for an Indian visa on arrival.Documents Required for an Indian e-Visa for New Zealand Citizens*New Zealand passport with a minimum validity of 6 months from the expected date of arrival in India, containing at least 2 blank pages *Digital image of the passport information page (also known as the biographical page) *A valid email address to receive the eVisa in their Inbox. *A recent photograph of the applicant, passport-style *You can use a Valid credit or debit card to pay for the eVisa fees.Indian Visa OnlineIndia has always been on the list of the best places in the world to draw crowds. Moreover, it has everything, whether it's landscapes, adventure trips or restaurants. India offers travelers from eligible countries the opportunity to obtain an e-visa to enter the country. The Government of India has introduced an Electronic Travel Authorization or e-Visa for India, allowing citizens of 180 countries to travel to India without the need for a physical passport stamp.Foreign travelers who wish to visit India for tourism, business or short-term medical purposes can apply for their Indian e-Visa online. Since 2014, international travelers wishing to visit India no longer need to apply for the traditional paper Visa to India in order to travel, eliminating the hassle of applying. As most visitors now prefer to complete the Indian Visa Application online, there is no need to go to the Embassy in person and fill out forms and submit documents to the government. Hence, travelers are encouraged to use this program to get their Indian Visa e-Visa as the process is efficient and effective. The India e-Visa can be easily applied for with a short online application. Travelers only need to provide basic biographical information and their passport information.Types of Indian e-Visa*Tourist e-Visa *Business e-Visa *Medical Visa e-VisaEligibility Requirements for Indian Visa Application Online*Be a citizen of any of the 165+ countries whose citizens are eligible for the Indian Visa. *The purpose of your visit is tourism, business or edical. *You must have a valid passport for at least 6 months from the date of arrival in India. The passport must contain at least 2 blank pages. *When applying for Indian Visa online, the details provided must exactly match those in your passport. Any discrepancies may result in visa refusal or delays in visa processing/issuance/entry into India. *Enter the country only through certain authorized immigration checkpoints, including 28 airports and 5 seaports. *Make an online payment using your international credit/debit card. *Check your email address. Your e-Visa will be sent to your email.Media ContactCompany Name: INDIAN OfficialContact Person: MUKESH SHARMA FindangoEmail: info@evisa-india.org.inPhone: +880 31-652225Address:2293/A Zakir Hossain Rd, ChattogramCountry: BangladeshWebsite: www.india-visa-online.org/hy/visa/Source: www.abnewswire.com.(C) 2023 M2 COMMUNICATIONS, source M2 PressWIRE