(For a Reuters live blog on U.S., UK and European stock
markets, click LIVE/ or type LIVE/ in a news window)*U.S. consumer prices fall in December*Quarterly results from big banks due FridayNEW YORK, Jan 12 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed slightly
higher on Thursday as data showing a fall in consumer prices in
December bolstered expectations of less aggressive interest rate
hikes from the Federal Reserve.U.S consumer prices fell for the first time in more than
2-1/2 years in December, the report showed, giving some hope
that inflation was now on a sustained downward trend."Most investors are seeing inflation come down. That's a
positive sign, and I would expect earnings to be decent," said
Gary Bradshaw, portfolio manager at Hodges Capital Management in
Dallas, Texas.Friday brings results from a number of big U.S. banks,
kicking off the start of the fourth-quarter earnings season for
S&P 500 companies.Trading was choppy following the CPI data. Rents remained
very high in the report, while the labor market remains tight,
and inflation is still well above the Fed's target.A separate report on Thursday showed weekly jobless
claims fell last week.But some strategists said the slowdown in U.S. inflation may
pave the way for the Fed to be able to bring down consumer
prices without badly damaging growth.Traders' bets of a 25-basis point rate hike by the Fed in
February shot up to 91% after the data, from 77% previously.Microsoft shares were providing the biggest boost
to the S&P 500, while energy shares also were higher along with
oil prices.According to preliminary data, the S&P 500
gained 13.26 points, or 0.33%, to end at 3,982.87 points,
while the Nasdaq Composite gained 69.12 points, or
0.65%, to 11,002.31. The Dow Jones Industrial Average
rose 217.33 points, or 0.64%, to 34,189.31."The (CPI) report confirms that inflation is in a downward
trend and that it has reversed," said Peter Cardillo, chief
market economist at Spartan Capital Securities in New York.Philadelphia Fed President Patrick Harker and St. Louis Fed
President James Bullard acknowledged the moderation in prices,
but stressed on the need for further monetary policy tightening
to bring inflation down to the central bank's target.The Fed raised the key rate by 50 basis points in December,
after four back-to-back 75-bps hikes.Big U.S. banks are forecast to report lower fourth-quarter
profits, as lenders stockpile funds to prepare for an economic
slowdown.Also, overall S&P 500 earnings are expected to have declined
year-over-year in the fourth quarter, according to IBES data
from Refinitiv, which would be the first quarterly U.S. earnings
decline since 2020.Tesla Inc shares were near flat after Bloomberg,
citing people familiar with the matter, reported the carmaker
has delayed plans to expand its Shanghai factory.
(Additional reporting by Shubham Batra, Amruta Khandekar,
Ankika Biswas in Bengaluru and Johann M. Cherian; Editing by
Marguerita Choy)