

MANCHESTER, N.H., March 10, 2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Comcast Business today announced it has been selected as the number one Internet service provider by New Hampshire Business Review readers for the 12th consecutive year. The award is part of the publication's annual Best of Business (BOB) Awards program. Comcast Business was recognized for its unique service offerings and reliability designed to serve the growing needs of businesses of all sizes. With its recent expansion into Lyndeborough, as well as Laconia and Gilford in the Lakes Region, Comcast now provides Comcast Business services in more than 115 communities across the Granite State. 
The annual New Hampshire Business Review BOB awards identify, recognize and honor the top companies across the state. This year, thousands of readers cast their votes using anonymous online surveys to assess satisfaction. The publication unveiled the winners spanning more than 90 different categories during an annual celebration on Thursday, March 9 at the Grappone Conference Center in Concord.
"It is an honor to receive this Best of Business recognition once again. As Comcast Business further expands its service and reach across New Hampshire, we're thankful for our customers and local business community that support us year after year," said Barry Bader, vice president of Comcast Business for Comcast's Greater Boston region, which includes New Hampshire. "Comcast Business strives to enable our customers to focus on productivity, stay agile and remain innovative, and this award is a testament to achieving that goal."
New Hampshire Business Review is the state's only business newspaper, reaching more than 36,000 subscribers every other week. It is part of Yankee Publishing Inc., a publishing company that also includes New Hampshire Magazine, Yankee Magazine and 603 Diversity, among others. To view a full list of the 2023 winning businesses, visit www.bobawardsnh.com.
For more information on Comcast Business, visit https://business.comcast.com/.
About Comcast BusinessComcast Business offers a suite of Connectivity, Communications, Networking, Cybersecurity, Wireless, and Managed Solutions to help organizations of different sizes prepare for what's next. Powered by the nation's largest Gig-speed broadband network, and backed by 24/7 customer support, Comcast Business is the nation's largest cable provider to small and mid-size businesses and one of the leading service providers to the Enterprise market. Comcast Business has been consistently recognized by industry analysts and associations as a leader and innovator, and one of the fastest growing providers of Ethernet services.
For more information, call 866-429-3085. Follow on Twitter @ComcastBusiness and on other social media networks at http://business.comcast.com/social.
About Comcast Corporation Comcast Corporation (Nasdaq: CMCSA) is a global media and technology company that connects people to moments that matter. We are principally focused on connectivity, aggregation, and streaming with 57 million customer relationships across the United States and Europe. We deliver broadband, wireless, and video through our Xfinity, Comcast Business, and Sky brands; create, distribute, and stream leading entertainment, sports, and news through Universal Filmed Entertainment Group, Universal Studio Group, Sky Studios, the NBC and Telemundo broadcast networks, multiple cable networks, Peacock, NBCUniversal News Group, NBC Sports, Sky News, and Sky Sports; and provide memorable experiences at Universal Parks and Resorts in the United States and Asia. Visit www.comcastcorporation.com for more information.
 View original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/comcast-business-honored-with-best-internet-service-provider-award-for-12th-consecutive-year-by-new-hampshire-business-review-301768979.html
SOURCE  Comcast Cable


