Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ: NXPI) today reported financial results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2022.'NXP delivered full-year 2022 revenue of $13.21 billion, an increase of 19 percent year-on-year, with revenue increasing across all of our focus end-markets. In the fourth quarter, revenue was $3.31 billion, an increase of 9 percent year-on-year, in line with the mid-point of our guidance range. In review, 2022 was a very good year for NXP, with strong execution resulting in record revenue, solid profit growth, and healthy free cash flow generation. Additionally, we experienced unprecedented year-on-year design win traction across the entire portfolio. From an end-market perspective, our automotive business performed very well, while in our consumer IoT and mobile businesses we experienced a softening demand environment through the second half of 2022. Accordingly, we have adopted a vigilant operational stance, aiming to improve service to those customers who continue to experience material shortages while managing the distribution channel inventory levels well below our long-term targets,' said Kurt Sievers, NXP President and Chief Executive Officer.Key Highlights for the Fourth Quarter and Full-year 2022:Fourth Quarter revenue was $3.31 billion, up 9.0 percent year-on-year. Full-year revenue was $13.21 billion, up 19.4 percent year-on-year;Fourth Quarter GAAP gross margin was 57.1 percent, and GAAP operating margin was 29.6 percent. Full-year GAAP gross margin was 56.9 percent, and GAAP operating margin was 28.8 percent;Fourth Quarter non-GAAP gross margin was 58.0 percent, and non-GAAP operating margin was 36.5 percent. Full-year non-GAAP gross margin was 57.9 percent, and non-GAAP operating margin was 36.3 percent;Fourth Quarter cash flow from operations was $1,076 million, with net capex investments of $233 million, resulting in non-GAAP free cash flow of $843 million. Full-year cash flow from operations was $3,895 million, with net capex investments of $1,061 million, resulting in non-GAAP free cash flow of $2,834 million;During the fourth quarter of 2022, NXP repurchased 3.16 million shares for a total cost of $475 million and paid cash dividends of $221 million, returning $696 million to shareholders. On a trailing twelve month basis capital return to shareholders represented $2.24 billion or 79 percent of non-GAAP free cash flow;On November 16, 2022, the NXP Board of Directors approved the payment of an interim dividend for the fourth quarter 2022 of $0.845 per ordinary share. The interim dividend was paid in cash on January 6, 2022 to shareholders of record as of December 15, 2022;On January 30, 2023, the NXP Board of Directors approved a 20 percent increase in the quarterly cash dividend to $1.014 per ordinary share. The interim dividend will be paid in cash on April 5, 2023 to shareholders of record as of March 15, 2023;Beginning with the first quarter 2023 financial guidance, NXP will begin to apply an estimated annual tax rate to its GAAP and non-GAAP profit before tax;On November 14, 2022, NXP announced its new analog front-end (N-AFE) family for high-precision data acquisition and condition monitoring systems for factory automation. The new N-AFE family helps enable the software-defined factory, making it easier for operators to configure a smart factory and adjust settings based on shifting market needs. Combined with NXP's MCU and power management portfolios, the N-AFE devices expand the industrial system solution offering, while helping customers to accelerate development time and reduce time to market;On November 15, 2022, NXP announced the new S32K39 series of automotive microcontrollers (MCUs) optimized for electric vehicle (EV) control applications. The S32K39 series include networking, security and functional safety capabilities to address the needs of zonal vehicle xEV architectures and software-defined vehicles;On December 14, 2022, NXP announced new devices to expand the portfolio of end-to-end Matter solutions to simplify the development of IoT and industrial IoT solutions. The RW612 is the industry's first tri-radio wireless MCU with concurrent, multi-protocol support for Wi-Fi 6, Bluetooth Low Energy 5.3 and 802.15.4, capable of supporting Thread or Zigbee. The K32W148 wireless MCU offers multi-protocol enablement across Thread, Bluetooth Low Energy 5.3, and Zigbee for devices such as smart plugs, smart lighting, and low-power smart devices and sensors;On November 25, 2022, MSCI upgraded NXP's ESG rating to 'AAA' from 'AA', driven by improvements in NXP's corporate governance and conflict mineral management programs. Further, MSCI believes NXP leads peers in practices to mitigate risks associated with conflict mineral use in chip manufacturing.Summary of Reported Fourth Quarter and Full-year 2022 ($ millions, unaudited) (1)Additional information 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	2021Y - YAdditional Information for the Fourth Quarter and Full-year 2022:For an explanation of GAAP to non-GAAP adjustments, please see 'Non-GAAP Financial Measures'.Gross financial leverage is defined as gross debt divided by trailing twelve months adjusted EBITDA.Net financial leverage is defined as net debt divided by trailing twelve months adjusted EBITDA.Net cash paid for income taxes related to on-going operations was $126 million. Full-Year 2022 net cash paid for income taxes related to on-going operations was $558 million; andWeighted average number of diluted shares for the three-month period ended December 31, 2022 was 261.4 million. Weighted average number of diluted shares for the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022 was 264.1 million.Guidance for the First Quarter 2023: ($ millions, except Per Share data) (1)Guidance RangeNote (1) Additional Information:GAAP Gross Profit is expected to include Purchase Price Accounting ('PPA') effects, $(13) million; Stock Based Compensation, $(12) million; Other Incidentals, $(9) million;GAAP Operating Income (loss) is expected to include PPA effects, $(99) million; Stock Based Compensation, $(98) million; Restructuring and Other Incidentals, $(13) million;GAAP Financial Income (expense) is expected to include Other financial expense $(3) million;GAAP Non-Controlling Interest (NCI) and Other includes non-controlling interest $(8) million and Other $(2) million;GAAP diluted EPS is expected to include the adjustments noted above for PPA effects, Stock Based Compensation, Restructuring and Other Incidentals in GAAP Operating Income (loss), the adjustment for Other financial expense, the adjustment for Non-controlling interest & Other and the adjustment on Tax due to the earlier mentioned adjustments.NXP has based the guidance included in this release on judgments and estimates that management believes are reasonable given its assessment of historical trends and other information reasonably available as of the date of this release. Please note, the guidance included in this release consists of predictions only, and is subject to a wide range of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond NXP's control. The guidance included in this release should not be regarded as representations by NXP that the estimated results will be achieved. Actual results may vary materially from the guidance we provide today. In relation to the use of non-GAAP financial information see the note regarding 'Non-GAAP Financial Measures' below. For the factors, risks, and uncertainties to which judgments, estimates and forward-looking statements generally are subject see the note regarding 'Forward-looking Statements.' We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, including the guidance set forth herein, to reflect future events or circumstances.Non-GAAP Financial MeasuresIn managing NXP's business on a consolidated basis, management develops an annual operating plan, which is approved by our Board of Directors, using non-GAAP financial measures, that are not in accordance with, nor an alternative to, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ('GAAP'). In measuring performance against this plan, management considers the actual or potential impacts on these non-GAAP financial measures from actions taken to reduce costs with the goal of increasing our gross margin and operating margin and when assessing appropriate levels of research and development efforts. In addition, management relies upon these non-GAAP financial measures when making decisions about product spending, administrative budgets, and other operating expenses. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures, when coupled with the GAAP results and the reconciliations to corresponding GAAP financial measures, provide a more complete understanding of the Company's results of operations and the factors and trends affecting NXP's business. We believe that they enable investors to perform additional comparisons of our operating results, to assess our liquidity and capital position and to analyze financial performance excluding the effect of expenses unrelated to operations, certain non-cash expenses and share-based compensation expense, which may obscure trends in NXP's underlying performance. This information also enables investors to compare financial results between periods where certain items may vary independent of business performance, and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management.These non-GAAP financial measures are provided in addition to, and not as a substitute for, or superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. The presentation of these and other similar items in NXP's non-GAAP financial results should not be interpreted as implying that these items are non-recurring, infrequent, or unusual. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable measures calculated in accordance with GAAP are provided in the financial statements portion of this release in a schedule entitled 'Financial Reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP Results (unaudited).' Please refer to the NXP Historic Financial Model file found on the Financial Information page of the Investor Relations section of our website at https://investors.nxp.com for additional information related to our rationale for using these non-GAAP financial measures, as well as the impact of these measures on the presentation of NXP's operations.In addition to providing financial information on a basis consistent with GAAP, NXP also provides the following selected financial measures on a non-GAAP basis: (i) Gross profit, (ii) Gross margin, (iii) Research and development, (iv) Selling, general and administrative, (v) Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, (vi) Other income, (vii) Operating income (loss), (viii) Operating margin, (ix) Financial Income (expense), (x) Tax Rate, (xi) Earnings per Share - Diluted, (xii) EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and trailing 12 month adjusted EBITDA, and (xiii) free cash flow and free cash flow as a percent of Revenue. The non-GAAP information excludes the amortization of acquisition related intangible assets, the purchase accounting effect on inventory and property, plant and equipment, merger related costs (including integration costs), certain items related to divestitures, share-based compensation expense, restructuring and asset impairment charges, non-cash interest expense on convertible notes, extinguishment of debt, and foreign exchange gains and losses.Conference Call and Webcast InformationThe company will host a conference call with the financial community on Tuesday, January 31, 2023 at 8:00 a.m. U.S. Eastern Standard Time (EST) to review the fourth quarter 2022 results in detail.Interested parties may preregister to obtain a user-specific access code for the call here.The call will be webcast and can be accessed from the NXP Investor Relations website at www.nxp.com. A replay of the call will be available on the NXP Investor Relations website within 24 hours of the actual call.About NXP SemiconductorsNXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ: NXPI) brings together bright minds to create breakthrough technologies that make the connected world better, safer and more secure. As a world leader in secure connectivity solutions for embedded applications, NXP is pushing boundaries in the automotive, industrial & IoT, mobile, and communication infrastructure markets while delivering solutions that advance a more sustainable future. Built on more than 60 years of combined experience and expertise, the company has approximately 31,000 employees in more than 30 countries and posted revenue of $13.21 billion in 2022. Find out more at www.nxp.com.(C) 2023 Electronic News Publishing, source ENP Newswire