(For a Reuters live blog on U.S., UK and European stock
markets, click or type LIVE/ in a news window.)*U.S. Treasury yields slip after rally*Seagen surges on Pfizer-buyout report*Union Pacific jumps as CEO to step down*Dow up 0.43%, S&P 500 up 0.58%, Nasdaq up 0.94%NEW YORK, Feb 27 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose modestly
on Monday as investors engaged in some bargain hunting after
last week's losses, the biggest percentage declines of 2023 for
the main benchmarks, on jitters about potential interest rate
hikes to tame stubbornly high inflation.Each of the three main indexes climbed more than 1% shortly
after the opening bell, in part due to an easing in Treasury
yields. Then, stocks gave up some gains as yields moved off the
day's lows. The yield on two-year Treasury notes,
which typically moves in step with interest rate expectations,
slipped after touching a near four-month high."A little bit of a bounce because Friday’s reaction was an
overreaction," said Ken Polcari, managing partner at Kace
Capital Advisors in Boca Raton, Florida."If inflation does not subside and it continues to creep
higher over the next couple of months (the Fed) absolutely could
force it higher. The realization now is there is no pivot coming
this year and the people who still think a pivot is coming this
year need their heads examined."The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 141.43 points,
or 0.43%, to 32,958.35, the S&P 500 gained 23.19 points,
or 0.58%, to 3,993.23 and the Nasdaq Composite added
107.45 points, or 0.94%, to 11,502.39.Last week, the Dow Industrials fell by the biggest weekly
percentage since September, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq had their
biggest weekly percentage fall since December as economic data
and comments from U.S. Federal Reserve officials heightened
expectations the central bank will become more aggressive in
raising interest rates.Economists at UK-based banks Barclays and NatWest believe
the Fed could ramp up the pace of its interest-rate rises in
March with a half-point hike. Morgan Stanley said it no longer
sees a cut by the Fed this year and expects a slower pace of 25
basis points when the central bank does begin lowering rates.Fed funds futures show traders are pricing in a third 25 bps
hikes this year and see rates peaking at 5.4% by September.Fed Governor Philip Jefferson said he had "no illusion" that
inflation would quickly fall back to target and was committed to
keeping restrictive monetary policy in place for as long as
needed.Data showed new orders for key U.S.-made capital goods
increased more than expected in January while shipments of core
goods rebounded, suggesting that business spending on equipment
picked up.Easing yields helped growth stocks rebound 0.91%,
while Tesla jumped 6.14% after the electric automaker
said its plant in Brandenburg near Berlin was producing 4,000
cars a week, three weeks ahead of schedule according to a recent
production plan reviewed by Reuters.Seagen Inc surged 9.73% after the Wall Street
Journal reported that Pfizer was in early talks to
acquire the biotech firm. Pfizer's shares lost 1.69%.U.S. railroad operator Union Pacific climbed 10.08%
as Chief Executive Lance Fritz said he would step down. Hedge
fund Soroban Capital Partners had called for his ouster.Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a
2.30-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.66-to-1 ratio favored advancers.The S&P 500 posted four new 52-week highs and five new lows;
the Nasdaq Composite recorded 58 new highs and 82 new lows.
(Reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak; Editing by David Gregorio)