
 
 
 
Corporate results:

Experian: Organic growth reached 6% in fiscal Q3, confirming full-year guidance.
Lindt: Full-year sales up 10.8% organically to CHF 4.97bn (consensus +10%).
Ocado: Quarterly sales rose slightly, although the increase in the number of customers was partially offset by a decrease in the number of items purchased per order.
Oxford Nanopore Technologies: the UK-based company estimates annual 2022 sales of £199M.
Goldman Sachs reported a sharper-than-expected 69% drop in quarterly profit on Tuesday due to heavy losses in its consumer business and a drop in trading in the investment bank.
Morgan Stanley reported Tuesday that it beat expectations in the fourth quarter as trading activity benefited from volatile financial markets, offsetting weakness in M&A activity.

 
In other news:

Diageo buys Don Papa rum for $473m.
Whirlpool will sell part of its EMEA business.
Ryan Cohen, the meme stock guru, invests in Alibaba.
PwC resigns as auditor of China Evergrande.
Iconic Labs terminates proposed acquisition of Sting Industries.
Microsoft is likely to receive a warning from the European Commission over its $69 billion bid for Activision, people close to the matter said. In addition, Activision shares fell 1.3% in pre-market trading after its Chinese partner NetEase refused to extend their current licensing agreement in China by six months.
AbbVie, Eli Lilly - The two pharmaceutical companies have pulled out of Britain's Voluntary Scheme for Branded Medicines Pricing and Access (VPAS) drug pricing agreement, the Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry, an industry body, announced Monday.
Didi - The Chinese VTC giant announced Monday that it will resume downloading its apps in China and register new users after the authorities partially suspended its services in 2021.
Chevron and Eni announced Sunday that they have made a new gas discovery in an Egyptian offshore field in the eastern Mediterranean.
United Airlines will release its fourth-quarter earnings after the close on Wall Street.
Palantir Technologies expects to hire hundreds of people this year despite the prospect of an economic slowdown, CEO Alex Karp said Monday on the sidelines of the World Economic Forum in Davos.


Today's main earnings reports: Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, Experian, Lindt, Wise, Ocado... All the agenda here. 
