March 7 (Reuters) - Twitter Chief Executive Elon Musk
said on Tuesday that the company had "a shot" at being cash
flow-positive next quarter, as the social media platform has
been aggressively cutting costs.Musk, speaking at a Morgan Stanley investor
conference that was webcast, said it was "startling" how poorly
Twitter managed to make money off its messaging service.
The company has reduced its non-debt expenditures to $1.5
billion from a projected $4.5 billion in 2023, helped by cutting
its cloud services bill by 40% and closing one data center, Musk
said. Twitter has also laid off thousands of employees.Musk, who is also CEO of electric car maker Tesla Inc
, acquired Twitter for $44 billion in October. The
company also faces annual interest payments of about $1.5
billion as a result of the debt it took on in the take-private
deal, Musk said.He added that Twitter has been hit by a "massive decline in
advertising," some of which he said was due to the cyclical
nature of ad spending and some of which was "political."Twitter has been marked by chaos and uncertainty since the
acquisition by Musk. On Monday, it suffered a bug that prevented
thousands of users from accessing links, its sixth major outage
since the beginning of the year, according to internet watchdog
group NetBlocks.Musk said in reference to Monday's outage that what had been
intended as a small change to 1% of users ended up being a
"catastrophic" change for all. He added that engineers were
doing a lot of "clean up" in general of the Twitter software
code.Concerns over Twitter's stability have been widespread since
the Musk deal. Among the mass exodus were many engineers who
were responsible for fixing and preventing service outages,
sources told Reuters.The billionaire said he expected it would take a few years
to build a management team at Twitter. Musk, who has faced
scrutiny from Tesla investors about the amount of time he spends
running the social media platform, had previously said the end
of this year would be "good timing" to find a new chief
executive to run Twitter.He also reiterated his plans to introduce payments on
Twitter, and said he envisions users could eventually send money
to each other with one click."I think it's possible to become the biggest financial
institution in the world," he said.Making ads more relevant on the platform is another focus
for the company, he said. Some advertisers have fled Twitter due
to uncertainty over how Musk, who has called himself a "free
speech absolutist," would approach content moderation.The Financial Times reported on Tuesday that European Union
regulators told Musk to hire more content moderators at Twitter
in order to comply with an upcoming law.Musk said at Tuesday's Morgan Stanley event that both
Democrats and Republicans now trust Twitter to the same degree.
The platform had 253 million daily active users that were
"monetizable" in the fourth quarter, according to a slide
displayed during the webcast.Musk said Twitter currently earns 5 to 6 cents per hour with
users spending a combined "130 million hours of their time per
day" on the platform. He said the company could increase it to
15 to 20 cents.
(Reporting by Sheila Dang in Dallas and Krystal Hu in San
Francisco
Editing by Peter Henderson and Matthew Lewis)