(For a Reuters live blog on U.S., UK and European stock
markets, click LIVE/ or type LIVE/ in a news window)*U.S. December payrolls up 223,000 vs est 200,000*Dec. non-manufacturing PMI 49.6 vs November's 56.5 read*Biogen closes higher as FDA approves Alzheimer's drug*Indexes up: Dow 2.13%, S&P 2.28%, Nasdaq 2.56%Jan 6 (Reuters) - Wall Street's main indexes all gained
more than 2% on Friday after December payrolls expanded more
than expected even as wage increases slowed and services
activity contracted, easing worries about the Federal Reserve's
interest rate hiking path.U.S. nonfarm payrolls rose by 223,000 jobs in December,
Labor Department data showed, while a 0.3% rise in average
earnings was smaller than expected and less than the previous
month's 0.4%.In another set of data, U.S. services activity declined for
the first time in more than 2-1/2 years in December as demand
weakened, with more signs of inflation easing."We got good news on the inflation front with wage gains
that are slowing. We got participation rates pick up again and
yet we're still creating jobs. It's a kind of a win-win for the
economy. And on the other side the ISM services report was
really weak and broadly weak," said Megan Horneman, chief
investment officer at Verdence Capital Management in Hunt
Valley, Maryland."That's basically making people think the Fed is nearing the
end of what's been one of the most aggressive tightening cycles
we've seen in decades. That's why the markets are taking off."By 4:23 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones Industrial Average
rose 700.53 points, or 2.13%, to 33,630.61; the S&P 500
gained 86.98 points, or 2.28%, at 3,895.08; and the Nasdaq
Composite added 264.05 points, or 2.56%, at 10,569.29.Friday's rally boosted the benchmark S&P and the Nasdaq
enough to snap four weeks of declines. For the holiday-shortened
week, the S&P rose 1.45% while the Nasdaq added 0.98% and the
Dow advanced by 1.46%.For the gains, John Augustine, chief investment officer
at Huntington National Bank in Columbus, Ohio, pointed to a
calming of anxiety that the Fed would raise rates so much that
it causes a recession."Today's reports may alleviate that pressure to force a
recession. They may already have slowed down the economy enough.
They just need validation from inflation reports."Still the Fed last month projected an a interest rate target
peak of around 5% and said it would keep rates high until
inflation is where it wants it to be.Fed officials on Friday acknowledged cooling wage growth and
other signs of a gradually slowing economy, with Atlanta
President Raphael Bostic hinting at the chance of a quarter
percentage point hike at the next policy meeting.But Huntington's Augustine said the central bank needs to
see further slowing of price increases in the December inflation
report, due out on Thursday, before deciding whether to slow its
next rate hike. It raised rates 50 basis points in December.Also next week several of the biggest U.S. banks
including JPMorgan and Bank of America will kick
off the fourth-quarter earnings season on Friday."That's the part of the puzzle people haven't been able to
figure out. How much should earnings estimates be cut for the
calendar year or have they been cut enough?" said Horneman at
Verdence.All the major S&P 500 indexes gained with materials'
3.44% increase leading the pack. Interest-rate
sensitive technology was next with a 2.99% gain.The weakest sector was healthcare, which rose
0.89% followed by energy's 1.68% increase.Consumer staples was boosted by Costco
Wholesale Corp, whose shares jumped 7% after the
membership-only retailer reported strong December sales growth.Shares in Biogen Inc closed up 2.8% after the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration on Friday approved the Alzheimer's
drug lecanemab developed by Eisai Co Ltd and Biogen for
patients in the earliest stages of the disease. Eisai's U.S.
shares closed up 4% at $64.20.Pfizer Inc shares advanced 2.5% after reports of
talks with China to secure a license that will allow domestic
drugmakers to manufacture and distribute a generic version of
the U.S. company's COVID-19 antiviral drug Paxlovid in China.Bed Bath & Beyond Inc tumbled 22% after Reuters
reported that the home goods retailer was preparing to seek
bankruptcy protection in coming weeks.Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by a
6.69-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.59-to-1 ratio favored advancers.The S&P 500 posted 18 new 52-week highs and five new
lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 97 new highs and 65 new
lows.On U.S. exchanges 11.15 billion shares changed hands
compared with the 10.84 billion average for the full session
over the last 20 trading days.
(Reporting by Shubham Batra, Ankika Biswas and Shashwat Chauhan
in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta, Arun Koyyur and
Richard Chang)