COLUMBUS, Ohio - American Electric Power (Nasdaq: AEP) has named Stacey Burbure vice president, FERC and RTO Strategy and Policy, effective Feb. 4. Burbure replaces Amanda Conner, who now serves as chief of staff to Julie Sloat, AEP's president and chief executive officer.Burbure, 43, most recently served as senior counsel, transmission policy and rates. She will be responsible for leading AEP's regulatory and policy efforts at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) and Regional Transmission Organizations (RTOs) as the company develops the electric system of the future to best serve its customers. She will report to Antonio Smyth, senior vice president - Grid Solutions.'Stacey has spent nearly 20 years working with regulators on complex regulatory and policy issues that affect every electricity customer. Her extensive knowledge and experience will serve our customers well as AEP is investing in electric transmission infrastructure and new sources of generation to serve our customers with safe and reliable electricity,' Smyth said.Prior to joining AEP in 2019, Burbure served as senior counsel, focusing on transmission issues, for an investor-owned utility. Previously, she was senior counsel to the North American Electric Reliability Corporation where she acted as lead counsel to the Reliability Standards Committee. Stacey began her career in the energy field in 2003 in private practice.Burbure earned her bachelor's degree from Swarthmore College and her law degree from George Washington University Law School. She is a board member of the Charitable Foundation of the Energy Bar Association.American Electric Power, based in Columbus, Ohio, is powering a cleaner, brighter energy future for its customers and communities. AEP's approximately 17,000 employees operate and maintain the nation's largest electricity transmission system and more than 224,000 miles of distribution lines to safely deliver reliable and affordable power to 5.5 million regulated customers in 11 states. AEP also is one of the nation's largest electricity producers with approximately 31,000 megawatts of diverse generating capacity, including more than 6,900 megawatts of renewable energy. The company's plans include growing its renewable generation portfolio to approximately 50% of total capacity by 2032. AEP is on track to reach an 80% reduction in carbon dioxide emissions from 2005 levels by 2030 and has committed to achieving net zero by 2045. AEP is recognized consistently for its focus on sustainability, community engagement, and diversity, equity and inclusion. AEP's family of companies includes utilities AEP Ohio, AEP Texas, Appalachian Power (in Virginia and West Virginia), AEP Appalachian Power (in Tennessee), Indiana Michigan Power, Kentucky Power, Public Service Company of Oklahoma, and Southwestern Electric Power Company (in Arkansas, Louisiana, east Texas and the Texas Panhandle). AEP also owns AEP Energy, which provides innovative competitive energy solutions nationwide. For more information, visit aep.com.Contact:AEP CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS1 Riverside PlazaColumbus, OH, USAT: 43215-2372T: 614-716-1000(C) 2023 Electronic News Publishing, source ENP Newswire