SEATTLE- Today, Amazon Business announced the launch of 3-Way Match on the Amazon Business mobile app to help business customers improve their smart business-buying strategies and automate reporting. Now available in the U.S., the new 3-Way Match app enables account administrators and approved buyers to use a mobile device to simply scan the barcode of a package when it arrives and automatically mark the item as received. With this new feature, the nearly 1 million active users on the Amazon Business mobile app in the U.S. have a simple and quick way to close purchase orders-anywhere, anytime-at no additional cost.Amazon Business helps businesses of all sizes digitize and automate procurement with powerful management controls and analytic tools, all within the familiar experience of Amazon. Among those tools is 3-Way Match, a common accounting control to ensure that a business' purchase payments are received, accurate, and complete. Until now, it was cumbersome to use because it was only available on desktop or via handheld scanners. The mobile version adds the extra flexibility of being able to complete a 3-Way Match in real-time from anywhere. A successful 3-Way Match includes matching and verifying the purchase order, the invoice, and the receipt before a payment is made.'Manual processes cannot be scaled efficiently, especially for large organizations,' said Doug Gray, vice president of technology at Amazon Business. 'Integrating our 3-Way Match capability on the Amazon Business mobile app simplifies the process so customers can reconcile their purchases in seconds. At Amazon, we're driven to find better ways for our customers to work, and our 3-Way Match mobile scan does just that.'With 3-Way Match, accounts payable and procurement teams can protect their organization from paying for incorrect invoices, items not yet received, or fraudulent purchases-all while automating the process to save a significant amount of time. This helps businesses of all sizes improve efficiency and reporting capabilities while also reducing time spent on manual data entry and avoiding payment for damaged or incorrect packages.Customers can download the Amazon Business mobile app by visiting Google Play store for Android users or the Apple App store for iOS users and get started with 3-Way Match. For more information about 3-Way Match and how to use it, visit https://business.amazon.com/en/find-solutions/3-way-match.About Amazon BusinessAmazon Business helps millions of customers worldwide-from small businesses, schools, hospitals, nonprofits, and government agencies to large enterprises with global operations-reshape their procurement with cost and time savings, greater productivity, and insightful purchasing analytics. Procurement and business leaders enjoy convenient shipping options on hundreds of millions of supplies across categories like office, IT, janitorial, food service, and professional medical supplies. Customers also have access to a variety of business-tailored features and benefits, including a curated site experience, Business Prime, business-only pricing and selection, single- or multi-user business accounts, approvals workflow, purchasing system integrations, payment solutions, tax exemptions, and dedicated customer support. Amazon Business is currently available in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Japan, and India. For more information, visit business.amazon.com, www.amazonbusinessblog.com, and @AmazonBusiness.Amazon.com, Inc.Media HotlineAmazon-pr@amazon.comwww.amazon.com/prSource: Amazon.com, Inc.(C) 2023 Electronic News Publishing, source ENP Newswire