*Weak U.S. data sours stock markets' mood*Nikkei down, yen up as post-BOJ moves unwind*Aussie slips on jobs miss*Lagarde, Fed speakers in focusSINGAPORE, Jan 19 (Reuters) - Asian stock markets
struggled to make headway on Thursday, after weak U.S. consumer
data stoked recession worries and nudged investors toward safe
assets such as bonds, while Japan's yen rose as markets doubted
the Bank of Japan's policy commitments.MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan
fell 0.2% and benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury
yields, which fall when prices rise, hit their
lowest since September at 3.326%.Oil futures fell 1.3%. European futures and
FTSE futures each fell 0.5%.Japan's Nikkei dropped 1.4% and the yen
rose about 0.7% to 127.95 per dollar, unwinding sharp moves that
followed the Bank of Japan (BOJ) leaving monetary policy
settings unchanged a day earlier.The BOJ has pursued ultra-easy policy settings for decades
in an attempt to generate inflation and growth, but markets
doubt it can keep that up, and traders have been selling
Japanese government bonds and buying yen to bet on a shift.The Nikkei dip and the bounce for the yen suggest at least
some investors are undeterred."There's an intense amount of speculation in the market that
now that the January (BOJ) meeting has happened without any
changes ... that we'll see something in March," said Shafali
Sachdev, head of FX, fixed income and commodities in Asia at BNP
Paribas Wealth Management in Singapore.April was another possibility, she added, since by then the
BOJ would have a new governor. "My guess would be that more
speculators would look to build positions going into these
meetings."Speculators did, however, give some respite to the BOJ in
the bond market. After four days of huge BOJ spending to reel
10-year yields back inside the target band of 0.5% either side
of zero, the yield held at 0.41% on Thursday.RECESSION RISKOn Wednesday, the S&P 500 lost 1.6% after data showed
U.S. manufacturing output had slumped last month and retail
sales had fallen by the most in a year.S&P 500 futures dropped 0.2% in Asia and were close
to breaking below the 50-day moving average."The decline in retail spending and industrial production
adds to the theme of the economy slowing and heading into
recession in 2023, and pushes back on the soft landing narrative
dominating markets since January," said National Australia
Bank's head of market economics, Tapas Strickland.Microsoft's announcement of 10,000 layoffs and hawkish
comments from Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester and St.
Louis Fed President James Bullard added to the gloom, with both
Fed officials expecting U.S. interest rates above 5% this year.The dollar wound back London-trade losses in the New York
session and made gains in Asia. The Australian dollar
was last down 0.6% at $0.6896, losing ground after data showed
an unexpected fall in Australian employment last month.The euro was under gentle pressure at $1.1078 and
the New Zealand dollar took news of Prime Minister
Jacinda Ardern's surprise resignation in its stride, but was
pressured by broader dollar buying to last sit 0.5% lower.Minutes from last month's European Central Bank meeting are
due later on Thursday, as is an appearance from ECB President
Christine Lagarde at the World Economic Forum in Davos.Fed officials Lael Brainard and John Williams are also
due to make public appearances.(Reporting by Tom Westbrook; Editing by Bradley Perrett)