
Comcast Business today announced that it has been recognized as a Leader by research and consulting firm Frost & Sullivan in its 2022 Frost Radar™: Managed SD-WAN Services in North America report. The Frost Radar™ summarizes key trends in a specific technology market and serves as a buyer’s guide to inform decision makers on key players and their position in the market. The full report is available for download here.

“Comcast Business continues to establish itself as a leader in managed SD-WAN and, with its white glove service and customer focus, is translating well in the larger enterprise market,” said Stephen Thomas, Sr. Industry Director, Network Services, Frost & Sullivan. “Its acquisition and integration of Masergy has also proven helpful overall given Masergy’s solid reputation, industry leading SLAs and leadership in customer self-portal technologies.”

The Frost Radar™ recognizes Comcast Business as a Leader among the top twelve North American Managed SD-WAN providers. The report highlights several key differentiators for Comcast Business including its position as the second-largest provider of SD-WAN connections in North America, its reputation for success among enterprise customers with 250 or more sites, as well as its strategic acquisition of global SD-WAN leader, Masergy and the resultant portfolio enhancements and expanded partner ecosystem for SD-WAN and Cloud solutions it has enabled.

“We’re proud that Frost & Sullivan recognizes our commitment to and growth in the Managed SD-WAN solutions market. This further validates our position as a leader in global secure network solutions,” said Bob Victor, Senior Vice President, Customer Solutions, Comcast Business. “Comcast Business is the fastest growing managed SD-WAN provider in the US, offering a fresh alternative to legacy telco solutions. The Frost Radar™ further supports this position and validates why enterprises can confidently partner with Comcast Business for managed secure SD-WAN services.”

Comcast Business can design, build, implement, and manage custom solutions tailored to an enterprise’s unique needs. Through simplified management and next-gen offerings, Comcast Business helps drive key business initiatives from digital transformation and customer experience to cloud and security. To learn more about Comcast Business Managed Services, please visit: https://business.comcast.com/enterprise/products-services/managed-services

About Comcast Business

Comcast Business offers a suite of Connectivity, Communications, Networking, Cybersecurity, Wireless, and Managed Solutions to help organizations of different sizes prepare for what’s next. Powered by the nation’s largest Gig-speed broadband network, and backed by 24/7 customer support, Comcast Business is the nation’s largest cable provider to small and mid-size businesses and one of the leading service providers to the Enterprise market. Comcast Business has been consistently recognized by industry analysts and associations as a leader and innovator, and one of the fastest growing providers of Ethernet services.

For more information, call 866-429-3085. Follow on Twitter @ComcastBusiness and on other social media networks at http://business.comcast.com/social.

About Comcast Corporation

Comcast Corporation (Nasdaq: CMCSA) is a global media and technology company that connects people to moments that matter. We are principally focused on connectivity, aggregation, and streaming with 57 million customer relationships across the United States and Europe. We deliver broadband, wireless, and video through our Xfinity, Comcast Business, and Sky brands; create, distribute, and stream leading entertainment, sports, and news through Universal Filmed Entertainment Group, Universal Studio Group, Sky Studios, the NBC and Telemundo broadcast networks, multiple cable networks, Peacock, NBCUniversal News Group, NBC Sports, Sky News, and Sky Sports; and provide memorable experiences at Universal Parks and Resorts in the United States and Asia. Visit www.comcastcorporation.com for more information.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230227005145/en/