Breaking down the barriers to NFT adoption with NFTpay's free and easy solution.With NFTpay, any company selling NFTs can now offer their NFTs to a broader audience without being limited by the complex and confusing process of crypto wallets, KYC, and crypto transfers. With NFTpay, customers can buy NFTs with just a credit card in less than a minute, making it accessible for everyone, including those without prior knowledge of crypto.Under the leadership of CEO Mike Krilivsky, NFTpay is determined to simplify the NFT and Web3 world, bringing it to billions of people in an easy and unified way. Mike Krilivsky says, "Our mission is to make NFTs accessible to everyone. NFTpay offers a payment solution that enables anyone, even those unfamiliar with crypto, to buy an NFT in just a minute. We handle all the complicated aspects, such as crypto wallets, buying cryptocurrency, KYC, and potential chargebacks, so the consumer and company can enjoy a seamless experience. The consumer's buying process is easier & companies' selling process and customer support is better because things are simple."As part of this mission, NFTpay has been constantly adding new features and experiences to continue to drive adoption with consumers and businesses alike. They recently rolled out features such as the NFTpay wallet API, USDC and USDT support, and NFT gaming services with other features such as ACH, Apple Pay and wire transfers coming soon.NFTs have reached extreme heights over the last few years, and adoption will only increase going forward. With solutions like NFTpay, adoption is only expected to increase. NFTs are complex and require a series of steps, such as ensuring enough crypto in your wallet, transferring it to an external wallet, and connecting to a mint site, just to mention a few. NFTpay eliminates all these obstacles, allowing users to bypass the complexity and buy NFTs with ease. NFT founders and partners can now integrate the NFTpay credit card solution directly into their websites with 2 lines of script, making it simple and secure for customers to purchase NFTs in just a minute without any wallet requirements. Mike Krilivsky continued, "Our focus has been on making the integration process for NFT project creators and NFT marketplaces as simple as possible so that they can get started accepting credit cards with the least possible integration work. Most projects are live within 24 hours." NFTpay leads the industry in supporting the most blockchains including Ethereum, Polygon, Solana, Avalanche, Algorand, USDC, USDT, Fantom, Telos, Binance Smart Chain, Cronos with more coming soon such as Cardano and Tezos.NFTpay founder Mike Krilivsky believes in innovating the simple. With this in mind they have been pushing the boundaries of NFTpay and are adding new features that will drive adoption with consumers and businesses alike. They have rolled out features like NFTpay wallet API, USDC, and USDT support, and NFT gaming services with other features such as ACH, Apple Pay, and wire transfers coming soon.With Mike Krilivsky and his team at NFTpay, NFT purchasing has never been easier and more accessible. Get ready to join the revolution in the crypto and NFT world.Media ContactCompany Name: NFTpayEmail: help@nftpay.xyzCountry: United StatesWebsite: https://nftpay.xyz/Source: www.abnewswire.com.(C) 2023 M2 COMMUNICATIONS, source M2 PressWIRE