NEW ZEALAND VISA FOR MEXICAN CITIZENSCitizens of 60 countries, including Mexico, can visit New Zealand for up to 90 consecutive days with a New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority instead of a traditional visa. The New Zealand visa for Mexico is not optional but is a mandatory requirement for all Mexican citizens traveling to the country for short stays. Mexican citizens can visit New Zealand by applying for an NZeTA online, which has been mandatory from 1 October 2019. Visa-exempt travelers must apply for the eTA before leaving their home country. The New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority was developed for foreigners visiting the country on holiday or attending business meetings and in transit. The NZeTA for Mexican citizens is valid for 2 years and allows multiple stays of up to 90 consecutive days. NZeTA was introduced to improve national and cross-border security. Applying for the New Zealand eTA is a quick and easy process for eligible visa-exempt travelers. The eTA is electronically linked to the traveler's passport, eliminating the need to stamp the passport upon arrival in New Zealand. Applicants will be asked a few basic personal questions in order to participate. The Mexico NZeTA application process is quick and easy. It takes no more than 10 minutes to fill out the form from the comfort of your home or office.New Zealand Visa Document requirements for Citizens of Mexico  *Passport - you cannot apply for a Mexico tourist card unless you have a valid passport. Plus, according to Mexico's visa policy, the travel document has to remain valid for at least another 6 months from your arrival. *E-mail address - when you apply online for your tourist card, you will receive the document via e-mail in PDF format. It would be best if you printed it out before you leave. *Means of payment -  You can use a credit or debit cards, but you can also use PayPal.NEW ZEALAND VISA FOR SINGAPORE CITIZENSApplying for a New Zealand eTA is mandatory for Singaporean citizens planning a short visit to New Zealand. If you are traveling as a family, each family member, including minors, must apply for the NZeTA separately. Singaporeans do not need a visa to travel to New Zealand for tourism or business for stays of up to 90 days. Singapore citizens can travel to New Zealand without applying for a visa with an Electronic Travel Authority (eTA). The New Zealand Tourist eTa (New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority) is an electronic travel authorization that allows unrestricted entry into the country. Also, Singaporeans can stay in the country for up to 3 months with an eTA (valid for 90 consecutive days and 2 years). The approved eTA remains electronically linked to the traveler's passport and is accessible to travel agents, airlines and border authorities. To travel without a visa, Singaporeans must complete the New Zealand eTA application form. The process is 100% online. Travelers are not required to attend an interview or visit a New Zealand Embassy.WHAT ARE THE REQUIRED DOCUMENTS TO OBTAIN THE NEW ZEALAND ETA?  *Your current passport is vital to apply. It must be valid for three months before your trip to New Zealand and not expiring soon. *A digital photo with a white background. It has to be recently taken, and you cannot be making any gestures. *A valid means of payment, such as your debit or credit card. *Your current email address, so we can get in touch with you once your document is ready. *A proof of sustenance. If you have a bank statement with you, it will be enough. *Your return flight ticket. You must demonstrate you won't stay in New Zealand for a long time with your New Zealand ETA that works as your tourist visa.NEW ZEALAND VISA FOR PORTUGUESE CITIZENSYour wish, as a Portuguese, for your journey to be adventurous and enthusiastic; You must visit New Zealand, the land of natural beauty. New Zealand is an island in the southwestern Pacific Ocean. Nature has endowed it with many natural resources, exotic animals and plants. New Zealand increased its visa acceptance when it launched the New Zealand Visa Waiver Program in 2019, which is available online and easy to complete. A New Zealand visa from Portugal is not optional but is a mandatory requirement for all Portuguese citizens traveling to the country for short stays. The New Zealand eTA visa waiver is a travel document that allows citizens of 60 eligible countries, including Portugal, to apply for a visa waiver online. As Portuguese citizens are part of this select group of eligible nationalities, they can obtain the document simply by completing a New Zealand eTA application form online. The New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority was developed for foreigners visiting the country on holiday or attending business meetings and in transit. The New Zealand eTA visa waiver is valid for two years from the date of approval and allows for multiple entries as long as it does not exceed 3 consecutive months. Filling out the online form only takes about 10 minutes and will be processed within 1 business day after submitting the request.New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority (NZeTA) Requirements for Portuguese Citizens  *A valid travel document or passport in order to apply for New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority (NZeTA) *A valid credit or debit card or PayPal account to pay for the New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority (NZeTA) *A valid email address, to receive the NZeTA in their Inbox.  NEW ZEALAND VISA FOR SPANISH CITIZENSVisitors from Spain can easily obtain the necessary documents to visit New Zealand thanks to the e-visa waiver program launched by the government in October 2019. For Spaniards, this means they must apply for an NZeta if their stay does not exceed 90 days. Spain is one of 60 countries where New Zealand has decided to apply for an NZeTA online. This means that Spanish citizens must carry a New Zealand-approved eTA from Spain to enter the country for trips of less than 90 days. The NZeTA is a tourist visa waiver applicable to shorter trips to New Zealand for tourism or business purposes. The NZeTA and passport will be linked electronically, and it is not possible to transfer the visa waiver to another passport. The NZeTA application process from Spain is simple and can be easily completed through a secure website. Because the New Zealand eTA application form for Spain is available online.Requirements for New Zealand Visa for Spanish Citizens  *Valid passport - you need to have a passport. Furthermore, you need to make sure that the passport is valid for at least another 6 months upon arrival. *Means of payment - You should make the payment while you complete the steps of the application form. You can do that using a credit or a debit card, but you can also pay using PayPal account. *E-mail address - You will receive the ETA via e-mail in PDF format. Do not forget to print a few copies so that you have a couple of spares. NEW ZEALAND VISA FOR SWEDISH CITIZENSNew Zealand is one of the most beautiful travel destinations in the world. New Zealand is an outdoor enthusiast's paradise.  As of October 2019, citizens of eligible countries, including Sweden, are required to obtain a New Zealand Electronic Travel Authorization before entering Country. Swedish citizens do not need a tourist visa to travel to New Zealand for short trips of up to 90 consecutive days for tourism or business purposes. You should know that you must apply for a New Zealand ETA before you travel. The New Zealand eTA is an electronic visa waiver that allows Swedish citizens to travel to New Zealand. The New Zealand eTA enables a safer and more convenient travel experience for all visitors to the country. It is designed to screen people before they arrive in New Zealand and identify potential safety issues before they arise. Citizens must obtain an eTA (Electronic Travel Authorization) authorized to cross borders. The NZeTA Visa Waiver is valid for up to 2 years and allows a maximum stay of up to 90 days in New Zealand for tourist activities. The NZeTA requirements for all foreign nationals visiting New Zealand are simple and straightforward. An NZeTA must fill out an online form with their personal and passport information.WHAT ARE THE REQUIREMENTS FOR A NEW ZEALAND ETA?  *Valid passport - before you decide to start the online application process, you should take a look at your passport's expiration date and make sure that it stays valid for at least another 6 months from the date of arrival in New Zealand. It should also have at least one blank page available for stamping   Travel dates - during the application process, you will have to provide your arrival and departure dates E-mail address - as a result of the online application process, You should provide a valid email address so that you can receive a confirmation with a reference number via e-mail. You will need that number upon arrival. Means of online payment - the payment must be made during the online application process. You can use a credit or debit cards, but feel free to use PayPal account. Media ContactCompany Name: NEW ZEALAND OfficialContact Person: Populous Thomas ShellyEmail: info@newzealand-visas.orgPhone: +30 21 0721 6227Address:No.3, Kleanthous streetCity: AthinaCountry: GreeceWebsite: www.new-zealand-visa.co.nz/el/visa/Source: www.abnewswire.com.(C) 2023 M2 COMMUNICATIONS, source M2 PressWIRE