
 
 

Abbott has confirmed that it is under investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice regarding the closure of its infant milk plant.
Elliott takes a multibillion-dollar stake in Salesforce.
Goldman Sachs asset management arm will significantly reduce its $59 billion in alternative investments that are weighing on the bank's performance, an executive told Reuters.
Apple wants India to account for as much as 25 percent of its production, up from about 5 percent to 7 percent now, India's commerce minister said Monday.
Nokia and Samsung agree on a new 5G patent licensing deal.
Alphabet, Google's parent company, announces a large-scale redundancy plan with the elimination of about 12,000 jobs worldwide.
Union Investment, one of Bayer's shareholders, criticized on Sunday the lack of initiative of the group's chairman.
Holcim is buying up aggregates activities in the United States.
Salzgitter wants to cut about 500 to 800 jobs by 2033.
The FDA won't do an accelerated review for Eli Lilly's Alzheimer's treatment.
Elon Musk announces a new, more expensive subscription to hide ads on Twitter.
The owners of UK supermarkets Asda and EG Group are reportedly considering a merger.
Saga is looking to sell its insurance underwriting business, according to the British press.
Western Digital and Japan's Kioxia Holdings are in advanced discussions for a possible merger that will involve a dual listing, Bloomberg reports.
The German cartel regulator announced that it was launching proceedings against PayPal on suspicion of possible antitrust violations.
Baker Hughes reported a lower-than-expected fourth-quarter profit as the oilfield services company struggled with component shortages, the impact of inflation and disruptions caused by the war in Ukraine.
Spotify Technology announced plans to cut 6% of its workforce, or about 600 positions.
Silvergate Capital, a cryptocurrency specialist, assured Friday after-hours that it had limited exposure to Genesis, the latest player in the sector to file for bankruptcy.

Main earnings reports today: Baker Hughes, Secunet... All the agenda is here. 
