GERMANY -- Charities Aid Foundation of America (CAF) has made a grant to MINT-Campus (mathematics, Informatics, natural science and technology) of 20,000 USD from the Qualcomm Foundation Fund at CAF America at the suggestion of Qualcomm Foundation. The MINT Campus Dachau charity, is a student research center in the middle of Dachau. Here, children and young people discover their talents in the MINT field in a playful and independent way, both in and out the classroom. By involving young people in these projects and working in a team, the charity hopes they develop commitment, inventiveness, and entrepreneurial thinking. To read more on the charity: Schülerforschungszentrum - MINT-Campus Dachau e.V. (mintcampus-dachau.de)The Landkreis Dachau, with its privileged location close to Munich, is an attractive location for entrepreneurs and new companies, specifically for companies investing in the technology/IT sector, the availability of skilled workers and specialists is a decisive factor. One of the main prerequisites for the economic and social future of the district is to continue to win this for the Dachau countryside and the local companies in the future.Qualcomm is dedicated to its corporate social responsibility programmes that ignite young people's interest in STEM fields and motivate the next generation of inventors to change industries and improve people's lives.Established in 2011 by Qualcomm Incorporated, the Qualcomm Foundation is dedicated to developing and strengthening communities worldwide. Specifically, the Qualcomm Foundation focuses itsphilanthropic efforts on helping create and sustain educated, healthy, culturally vibrant communities in regions around the globe. As a technology leader and a company focused on innovation, Qualcomm is committed to nurturing the next generation of innovators and technologists. We're contributing to a diverse and inclusive workforce of the future by increasing access to STEM education. To read more: STEM Education | QualcommOur STEM initative focus:- Bridging the STEM skills gap among students globally- Engaging women and underrepresented minorities in STEM fields- Building STEM capacity among teachers and educators=- Leveraging our employees as STEM ambassadors in our communitiesUlrich Bauernschmitt, Senior Vice President, Operations, Qualcomm RF360 Europe GmbH says: "We are extremely proud to be involved with a dedicated and hardworking charity, such as MINT Campus Dachau. Enabling young people to discover their talents in the MINT field in an educational yet engaging way is so important. Young people are the future of the technology lead world we live in, and we will continue to nurture the next generation of innovators and technologists across all STEM related initiatives."Stefan Löwl, Chief Executive and Head of District Administration at Landkreis Dachau, was happy and pointed out thankfully: "MINT knowledge is the most important raw material in our region. Only with technical progress will we be able to remain a prosperous region and meet the challenges of our world. At the MINT Campus Dachau, all young people can find joy in tinkering, discovering and researching outside of school in a simple, playful way. We are happy and honored that Qualcomm, a technical world leader, became aware of our MINT campus and the Qualcomm Foundation is now supporting us and our projects in a sustainable and innovative way."About QualcommQualcomm is enabling a world where everyone and everything can be intelligently connected. Our one technology roadmap allows us to efficiently scale the technologies that launched the mobile revolution - including advanced connectivity, high-performance, low-power compute, on-device intelligence and more - to the next generation of connected smart devices across industries. Innovations from Qualcomm and our family of Snapdragon platforms will help enable cloud-edge convergence, transform industries, accelerate the digital economy, and revolutionize how we experience the world, for the greater good.Qualcomm Incorporated includes our licensing business, QTL, and the vast majority of our patent portfolio. Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated, operates, along with its subsidiaries, substantially all of our engineering, research and development functions, and substantially all of our products and services businesses, including our QCT semiconductor business. Snapdragon and Qualcomm branded products are products of Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries. Qualcomm patented technologies are licensed by Qualcomm Incorporated.About MINT Campus DachauIn March 2015 the MINT-Campus Dachau, a recognized non-profit association, was founded by the County and the City of Dachau including all communities in the district. Since the inaugural meeting, Stefan Löwl, Dachau District Administrator, has been 1st Chairman and Florian Hartmann, Mayor of Dachau, has been the 2nd Chairman.The MINT-Campus Dachau association is supported by Munich Airport, City of Dachau, County of Dachau, Sparkasse Dachau (a local bank), Volksbank Dachau (a local bank), the Stemmers Foundation, to name a few. Cooperation agreements exist with the companies THORLABS, and MicroNova. Since 2019, we have been supported by a Supporting Association, which provides long-term financial support for the MINT Campus through membership contributions from local companies, local tradesmen and trade associations as well as private individuals.The MINT Campus Dachau is a student research center. (MINT is the German acronym for STEM). Here young people can discover their interests and talents in Science, Technology, Engineering and Math areas in a fun way. Our campus provides youth ages 8 to 21 an environment to experiment without the pressure and stress of being graded - like in school. Supervised by volunteer trainers and junior trainers, classes, clubs, project work, experiments and teamwork are designed to promote and develop commitment, an entrepreneurial outlook and inventiveness. Qualcomm contacts: Richard Tinkler.(C) 2023 M2 COMMUNICATIONS, source M2 PressWIRE