


        Jan 12, 2023
      

        The inaugural index highlights the most influential professionals in the residential real estate industry
      

        WASHINGTON, D.C. - JANUARY 12, 2023 - Andy Florance, Founder and Chief Executive Officer of CoStar Group (NASDAQ: CGSP), a leading provider of online real estate marketplaces, information and analytics in the commercial and residential property markets, today was honored as one of Inman's Inaugural 2023 Power Players.
      

        The index, published this year for the first time, recognizes the most influential figures across residential real estate - individuals that represent the pinnacle of industry success. Inman's 2023 Power Players include executives, founders, innovators, and visionaries, each of whom play a key role in shaping the residential industry's future.
      

        The recognition of Andy Florance as a 2023 Power Player comes on the heels of a banner year for the company. Founded in 1986, CoStar Group has grown to over 5,600 employees in 14 countries and was recently added to the S&P 500 Index, one of the premier benchmarks of the U.S. equities market, and was also included in the NASDAQ 100, one of the world's largest preeminent large-cap indexes.
      

        "Inman has long been recognized as a premier news source for the industry and it's an honor to be named on their inaugural Power Players list," said Andy Florance, Founder and Chief Executive Officer of CoStar Group. "As the real estate industry continues to evolve, we are committed to creating best-in-class products and tools for agents and for all of our clients. This award is a direct reflection of our mission to digitize the world's real estate, empowering people to discover properties, insights, and connections that improve their businesses and lives."
      

        Inman's 2023 Power Players were adapted from the publication's previous Inman 100 and Inman Influentials lists, but now represent a more accurate analysis of the real estate industry at-large. The list recognizes 121 trailblazers from residential real estate, mortgage, finance and technology, and kicks off a year of new and expanded awards for the publication.
      

        News Media Contact:
      

        Matthew Blocher
        Vice President
        CoStar Group Corporate Marketing & Communications
        (202) 346-6775
        mblocher@costargroup.com
      

        # # #
      

        About CoStar Group, Inc.
      

        CoStar Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: CSGP), a leading provider of online real estate marketplaces, information, and analytics in the property markets. Founded in 1987, CoStar conducts expansive, ongoing research to produce and maintain the largest and most comprehensive database of commercial real estate information. Our suite of online services enables clients to analyze, interpret and gain unmatched insight on commercial property values, market conditions and current availabilities. STR provides premium data benchmarking, analytics, and marketplace insights for the global hospitality industry. Ten-X provides a leading platform for conducting commercial real estate online auctions and negotiated bids. LoopNet is the most heavily trafficked commercial real estate marketplace online. Apartments.com, ApartmentFinder.com, ForRent.com, ApartmentHomeLiving.com, Westside Rentals, AFTER55.com, CorporateHousing.com, ForRentUniversity.com and Apartamentos.com form the premier online apartment resource for renters seeking great apartment homes and provide property managers and owners a proven platform for marketing their properties. Homesnap is an industry-leading online and mobile software platform that provides user-friendly applications to optimize residential real estate agent workflow and reinforce the agent-client relationship. Homes.com offers real estate professionals advertising and marketing services for residential properties. Realla is the UK's most comprehensive commercial property digital marketplace. BureauxLocaux is one of the largest specialized property portals for buying and leasing commercial real estate in France. CoStar Group's websites attract tens of millions of unique monthly visitors. Headquartered in Washington, DC, CoStar Group maintains offices throughout the U.S., Europe, Canada, and Asia. From time to time we plan to utilize our corporate website, www.costargroup.com, as a channel of distribution for material company information.
      

        About Inman Awards
      

Inman Awards recognizes outstanding accomplishments across the residential real estate industry with six distinctive categories. Each award shines a spotlight on the most deserving companies and individuals in the real estate industry, as well as in specialties including mortgage and finance, marketing, and proptech.
      

        About Inman
      

Inman is the leading news source for real estate agents, brokers, executives and technology leaders who gain useful advice on the industry's top stories, trends and developments that help them grow their businesses and stay ahead of the competition. With an audience of over one million professionals, Inman's pages and stages are where the industry goes to find the most innovative ideas and new business models, through our website, newsletters, events, awards, education, and subscriptions.
      

        Follow Inman on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and LinkedIn.
      

Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
CoStar Group Inc. published this content on 12 January 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 12 January 2023 14:09:04 UTC.
      

