* What's the news: New reports from third-party industry experts repeatedly crowned T-Mobile for its network performance. umlaut handed the Un-carrier several awards, including fastest 5G speeds and best 5G coverage and reliability. Opensignal gave T-Mobile the top spot for actual overall customer experiences including video, games and voice apps.* Why it matters: The reports demonstrate how today's wireless networks are delivering customers a high level of performance, with T-Mobile leading the pack. Only customers on T-Mobile's network get the best speeds, consistency and coverage.* Who it's for: T-Mobile customers nationwide (or anyone experiencing T-Mobile's network with Network Pass).BELLEVUE, Wash. -- Fresh on the heels of kicking off 2023 as the nationwide network leader, T-Mobile (NASDAQ: TMUS) is taking home 16 top honors across three new expert third-party reports that measure the performance wireless customers actually get on their networks. That's real experiences as opposed to performance measurements under ideal conditions. The list of awards is lengthy - so instead of making you read through a long press release that basks in the awesomeness of T-Mobile's leading network, here's a simple list:umlaut 5G Network Performance Audit Report:Overall Nationwide 5G Score: T-Mobile5G Coverage: T-Mobile5G Stability: T-Mobile5G Download Speed: T-Mobile5G Upload Speed: T-Mobile5G Reliability: T-MobileOpensignal 5G Experience Report:5G Download Speed: T-Mobile5G Upload Speed: T-Mobile5G Availability: T-Mobile5G Reach: T-MobileOpensignal Mobile Network Experience Report:Best Video Experience: T-MobileBest Games Experience: T-MobileBest Voice App Experience: T-MobileBest Download Speed Experience: T-MobileBest Upload Speed Experience: T-MobileHighest Consistent Quality: T-Mobile"Our network is an absolute powerhouse that's delivering customers a level of network service that rivals or exceeds that of any other provider," said Neville Ray, President of Technology at T-Mobile. "T-Mobile customers get a leading experience today with incredibly fast speeds, vast coverage, high consistency and unmatched 5G performance."T-Mobile is the leader in 5G, delivering the country's largest, fastest and most reliable 5G network. The Un-carrier's Extended Range 5G covers 323 million people across 1.9 million square miles - more than AT&T and Verizon combined. 260 million people nationwide are covered by T-Mobile's super-fast Ultra Capacity 5G, and the Un-carrier plans to reach 300 million people with Ultra Capacity this year.Customers on other networks who want a better experience can try the country's most-awarded 5G network now for free. With T-Mobile's Network Pass, people with unlocked eSIM-compatible phones can experience T-Mobile for three months at no charge with unlimited smartphone data, including 5G. And when they're ready to make the move to T-Mobile, they can switch in minutes right from their phone with Easy Switch.For more information on T-Mobile's network, visit: https://www.t-mobile.com/coverage/4g-lte-5g-networks.Follow T-Mobile's Official Twitter Newsroom @TMobileNews to stay up-to-date with the latest company news.# # #See 5G device, coverage, & access details at T-Mobile.com. Opensignal Awards: USA: Mobile Network Experience and 5G Experience reports January 2023, based on independent analysis of mobile measurements recorded during the period September 16 - December 14, 2022. © 2023 Opensignal Limited. umlaut Awards: According to an audit report conducted by independent third party umlaut containing crowdsourced data for user experience including task completion collected from August 1, 2022 to January 15, 2023.About T-MobileT-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: TMUS) is America's supercharged Un-carrier, delivering an advanced 4G LTE and transformative nationwide 5G network that will offer reliable connectivity for all. T-Mobile's customers benefit from its unmatched combination of value and quality, unwavering obsession with offering them the best possible service experience and undisputable drive for disruption that creates competition and innovation in wireless and beyond. Based in Bellevue, Wash., T-Mobile provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile, Metro by T-Mobile and Sprint. For more information please visit: https://www.t-mobile.comMedia ContactsT-Mobile US, Inc. Media RelationsMediaRelations@t-mobile.comInvestor Relations ContactT-Mobile US, Inc.investor.relations@t-mobile.comhttps://investor.t-mobile.com.(C) 2023 M2 COMMUNICATIONS, source M2 PressWIRE