

      Transaction by Person Discharging Managerial Responsibilities
    

      AstraZeneca PLC (the Company) announced that, on 6 March 2023, an award of the Company's ordinary shares of $0.25 each (Ordinary Shares) vested to Pascal Soriot, Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer, under the terms of the AstraZeneca Deferred Bonus Plan (AZDBP).
    

      The AZDBP award was granted on 6 March 2020, following the deferral of a portion of Mr Soriot's annual bonus in respect of 2019 performance into Ordinary Shares, and vested on completion of the three-year holding period.
    

      Following the reinvestment of dividends accrued during the deferral period of the AZDBP award, and the withholding of shares to satisfy certain tax obligations arising on vesting, Mr Soriot's beneficial interests in Ordinary Shares changed as detailed in the table below:
    





              PDMR
            



              Ordinary Shares acquired under the AZDBP
            





              Pascal Soriot
            



              8,853
            





      For tax purposes, the fair market value of an Ordinary Share at vest of the AZDBP award was 10,784 pence, being the closing price on the last trading day preceding the vesting.
    

      Further details are set out in the attached notification, made in accordance with the requirements of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (as it forms part of UK law pursuant to the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018).
    





              1
            



              Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated
            





              a)
            



              Name
            



              Pascal Soriot
            





              2
            



              Reason for the notification
            





              a)
            



              Position/status
            



              Chief Executive Officer
            





              b)
            



              Initial notification /Amendment
            



              Initial notification
            





              3
            



              Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor
            





              a)
            



              Name
            



              AstraZeneca PLC
            





              b)
            



              LEI
            



              PY6ZZQWO2IZFZC3IOL08
            





              4i
            



              Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted
            





              a)
            



              Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument
            

              Identification code
            



              Ordinary Shares of US$0.25 each in AstraZeneca PLC
            

              GB0009895292
            





              b)
            



              Nature of the transaction
            



              Acquisition of Ordinary Shares pursuant to a vesting under the AstraZeneca Deferred Bonus Plan, for nil consideration.
            





              c)
            



              Price(s) and volume(s)
            



              Price(s)
            



              Volume(s)
            





              0
            



              8,853
            





              d)
            



              Aggregated information
            

              - Aggregated volume
            

              - Price
            



              Not applicable - single transaction
            





              e)
            



              Date of the transaction
            



              6 March 2023
            





              f)
            



              Place of the transaction
            



              Outside a trading venue
            





      AstraZeneca
    

      AstraZeneca (LSE/STO/Nasdaq: AZN) is a global, science-led biopharmaceutical company that focuses on the discovery, development, and commercialisation of prescription medicines in Oncology, Rare Diseases, and BioPharmaceuticals, including Cardiovascular, Renal & Metabolism, and Respiratory & Immunology. Based in Cambridge, UK, AstraZeneca operates in over 100 countries and its innovative medicines are used by millions of patients worldwide. Please visit astrazeneca.com and follow the Company on Twitter @AstraZeneca.
    

      Contacts
    

      For details on how to contact the Investor Relations Team, please click here. For Media contacts, click here.
    

      Adrian Kemp
    

      Company Secretary
    

      AstraZeneca PLC
    
Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
AstraZeneca plc published this content on 08 March 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 08 March 2023 11:36:02 UTC.
      

