Jan 17 (Reuters) - Moderna Inc said on Tuesday
that its experimental messenger RNA vaccine for respiratory
syncytial virus (RSV) was 83.7% effective in a late-stage trial
at preventing at least two symptoms, such as cough and fever, in
adults aged 60 and older.RSV, which produces symptoms similar to a cold but can be
fatal for young children and older adults, causes about 14,000
deaths annually in adults ages 65 and older. The disease surged
in the United States and Europe this fall alongside the flu and
COVID-19.There is currently no vaccine for the virus in adults.
Moderna, Pfizer Inc and GSK Plc are racing to
get their RSV vaccines to market first.Pfizer and GSK filed applications for U.S. regulatory
approval late last year. Pfizer's RSV vaccine was found to be
66.7% effective against two or more symptoms in late-stage
trials.Moderna said it intends to submit its vaccine, mRNA-1345,
for regulatory approval consideration globally in the first half
of 2023.Moderna President Stephen Hoge told Reuters its vaccine
appears to compare favorably to the experimental Pfizer and GSK
shots."It's very exciting to see progress in RSV vaccines in older
adults, and I think both of those vaccines have shown pretty
remarkable results as well," Hoge said. "We really think we're
in that top class - 84% is a terrific efficacy number."The RSV vaccine market could be worth more than $10 billion
globally, half of which would come from the United States,
according to Cowen analyst Tyler Van Buren.Moderna's study was conducted in about 37,000 participants
aged 60 years and older. The data analysis was performed after
64 participants contracted RSV. The company plans to release the
full data at a medical meeting.Hoge said Moderna had started secondary analyses on the
vaccine’s efficacy against more severe disease and
hospitalization. He said it was too early to provide a potential
price range for the vaccine it expects to be given annually.The vaccine was generally found to be safe, with the most
common side effects including injection site pain, fatigue and
headache. Hoge said there were no myocarditis concerns - a type
of heart inflammation linked to mRNA COVID vaccines.
(Reporting by Patrick  Wingrove in New York and  Leroy Leo and
Mariam E Sunny in Bengaluru; Additional reporting by Julie
Steenhuysen in Chicago; Editing by Caroline Humer and Bill
Berkrot)