


Updated January 17, 2023


        Amazon Community Delivery has reached a milestone: Our teams have delivered 30 million meals, for free, from food banks across the U.S. to families and individuals in need. The program began near the start of the pandemic and donated over $2 million to 25 food banks nationwide last year. But our work continues. As the weather gets colder across many parts of the U.S., access to food can become a bigger struggle for many families. Inflation has also impacted everyday consumers and food-relief organizations, which have seen a decrease in donations amid climbing food prices. Amazon Community Delivery remains committed to helping communities, including those where our employees live and work.
      

Updated December 13, 2021


        Since the first wave of the pandemic, Amazon has donated its logistics network to support food banks and community organizations, delivering groceries and pre-packaged meals directly to vulnerable families and those disproportionately impacted by COVID-19. Using Amazon's transportation network of delivery service partners, deliveries now total more than 20 million meals to underserved families, vulnerable seniors, and school children in more than 25 U.S. cities, and in communities in Australia, Japan, Singapore, Spain, and the UK.
      

Updated February 5, 2021


        Amazon continues to help get millions of meals to tens of thousands of people, as food banks and community organizations face unprecedented demand. Hunger is on the rise during the pandemic, and millions of Americans are unemployed.
      

        Since March 2020, we have donated delivery servicesthrough our Amazon Flex network and other delivery service partners. These drivers have brought more than 12 million meals straight to those in need-in over 25 cities across the U.S. and in communities in Australia, Japan, Singapore, Spain, and the UK.
      

        "Amazon has a longstanding commitment to addressing right now needs-with over $100 million in donations to homelessness, hunger, and disaster relief," said Alice Shobe, director of Amazon in the Community. "The pandemic intensified the need for hunger-relief efforts, and Amazon is committed to playing our part by donating delivery services to help food banks and community organizations get meals to the doorsteps of people in need."
      

        George A. Jones, CEO of Bread for the City, a Washington, D.C.-based food pantry supported by Amazon, said the health and economic fallout of the pandemic is "hitting those we serve hardest."
      

        An Amazon Flex driver loads her vehicle with groceries from Bread for the City, a Washington, D.C. food pantry. Amazon is donating delivery services so that food can be brought directly to the homes of people in need.
      

        Jones added that "Amazon's generous donation of delivery services has enabled us to reach even more of our families and seniors, helping ensure that they get the food they need to stay safe and healthy while maintaining social distancing."
      

        Amazon has also piloted deliveries of hundreds of thousands of meals with Portland Public Schools and Seattle Public Schools, and delivered meals and devices for Los Angeles Unified School District. In the Puget Sound region, our deliveries are specifically for students who are medically fragile and have disabilities.
      

        "Amazon has been a great community partner because they've helped to fill a gap that was a challenge for our normal operations," said Seattle Public Schools Nutrition Services Director Aaron Smith. "Besides stepping up to help do so much, they did it with the passion and dedication that these students and families deserve."
      

        Amazon made food deliveries in cities across 12 states, including Arizona (Phoenix); California (Los Angeles, Riverside, Anaheim, Long Beach, San Francisco, Oakland); Florida (Miami, Fort Lauderdale, Orlando, Tampa, St. Petersburg); Maryland (Baltimore); Michigan (Detroit); New York (New York City); Ohio (Cincinnati, Cleveland); Oklahoma (Oklahoma City); Oregon (Portland); Tennessee (Nashville); Texas (Houston, Dallas, Fort Worth); Washington (Seattle); and Washington D.C.
      

        Food deliveries are also taking place around the world in Melbourne, Tokyo, Singapore, Madrid, Valencia, and London. In the U.K., Amazon teamed up with charity Magic Breakfast to help schools reach more children across the country at risk of hunger due to COVID-19 restrictions and deliver breakfast foods.
      


          Bread for the City staff prepare donations to be delivered by Amazon Flex drivers.
        

          These bags from Bread for the City are headed directly to the doorsteps of people in need.
        




        Related Tags
      

COVID-19DonationsCommunityDelivery Washington D.C.Amazon Flex


Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
Amazon.com Inc. published this content on 18 January 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 17 January 2023 17:19:07 UTC.
      

