DUNWOODY, Georgia - Vision Hospitality Group, Inc. today announces the groundbreaking of the Element by Westin Atlanta/Dunwoody. The 145-room hotel will be one of the focal points of TheGeorgetown Company and RocaPoint Partners' Campus 244, a best-in-class, adaptive-reuse project. The development includes 400,000 square feet of modernized, Class A workspace, upscale restaurants and bars all set amidst abundant greenspace on a 12-acre walkable campus.The Element by Westin brand is known for its commitment to sustainability and wellness and designed for today's healthy, active traveler who wants to maintain the balance of daily routines while on the road.Offering many of the comforts of home, Element caters to those looking to stay both short and long-term. The hotel will feature a range of environmentally friendly amenities, including electric car charging stations and a water filtration system. The Element by Westin Atlanta/Dunwoody borders the greenspaces and pathways of the development complementing the Element brand outdoor-inspired, sustainability-focused design philosophy. The Element by Westin brand features spacious and airy guest rooms with in-room kitchens, spa-inspired bathrooms, and signature Heavenly Beds. Amenities include a complimentary healthful Rise breakfast and a Relax evening reception. Element is proud to participate in Marriott Bonvoy, the global travel program from Marriott International.'We are excited to expand our footprint in the Atlanta market and begin construction on the Element by Westin Atlanta/Dunwoody,' said Mitch Patel, CEO of Vision Hospitality Group. 'This hotel will be a great addition to the Campus 244 development and the greater Dunwoody community, offering a new level of sophistication and sustainability.'Campus 244 is a forward-thinking mixed-use project in Atlanta's Central Perimeter submarket, developed by The Georgetown Company and RocaPoint Partners. The development has already attracted leading companies with more than 340,000 square feet of space already leased. Current occupants include Transportation Insight, a leading transportation logistics company, Insight Global, a premiere technology-focused staffing agency, and CT Cantina & Taqueria, an acclaimed authentic Mexican restaurant.'Campus 244 was designed to be a new model for a best-in-class creative campus that's home to office, dining and hospitality options,' said Jonathan Schmerin, Managing Principal of The Georgetown Company. 'The Element at Campus 244 fits in perfectly with the broader project, showcasing how a focus on sustainability and an emphasis on state-of-the art amenities is totally reimagining hospitality design. These are some of the core tenets of Campus 244 and why the project has been so well received.'The Element by Westin Atlanta/Dunwoody is expected to open in late 2024. The property will be managed by Vision Hospitality Group, which currently operates 42 hotels across the United States.About Element HotelsWith more than 65 hotels across North America, Europe, Middle East & Africa, and Asia Pacific, Element Hotels is designed for today's healthy, active traveler who wants to maintain the balance of daily routines while on the road. For more information, visit www.elementhotels.com and follow along on Facebook and Instagram.Element is proud to participate in Marriott Bonvoy, the global travel program from Marriott International. Theprogram offers members an extraordinary portfolio of global brands, exclusive experienceson Marriott Bonvoy Moments, and unparalleled benefits including free nights and Elite status recognition. To enroll for free or for more information about the program, visit MarriottBonvoy.com.About Vision Hospitality GroupChattanooga-based Vision Hospitality Group, Inc. is a leading hotel investment, development, and management company with an unwavering commitment to quality and integrity. Founded in 1997 by President & CEO Mitch Patel. Vision has a portfolio of 42 lifestyle, soft branded and premium select, and full- service hotels affiliated with the Hilton, Marriott, Hyatt and InterContinental brands. The Vision development pipeline is slated to open fifteen additional hotels over the next two years. For more information visit our Vision Hospitality Group website.About The Georgetown CompanyThe Georgetown Company develops and invests in residential, commercial, and mixed-use properties throughout the United States, with a focus on emerging neighborhoods in best-of-class locations. Led by President and CEO Adam Flatto and founded in 1978, Georgetown is a privately held diversified real estate development company that is recognized for attracting long-term partners and creating popular destinations after carefully selecting properties and diligently nurturing them through all stages of development and ongoing operations. Georgetown is headquartered in New York City and currently owns and is developing properties in New York City, Los Angeles, Chicago, Columbus, OH, Boston and Washington, D.C. For more information, visit georgetownco.com.About RocaPoint PartnersRocaPoint Partners is a privately held development firm based in Atlanta. The firm invests in value-add commercial real estate investment and development opportunities. With a primary focus on complex projects, RocaPoint's sophisticated approach, highly experienced team and relationships with financial partners add value to developments across the Southeast. Currently RocaPoint is developing such projects as Halcyon in Forsyth County, Georgia and University Ridge in Greenville, South Carolina. Learn more about RocaPoint at RocaPoint.com and on LinkedIn and Twitter.(C) 2023 Electronic News Publishing, source ENP Newswire