
Intuit (Nasdaq: INTU), the global financial technology platform that makes TurboTax, Credit Karma, QuickBooks, and Mailchimp, has introduced artificial intelligence (AI) enhancements for its Virtual Expert Platform to drive highly-personalized experiences, connecting consumers with experts and reducing tax filing time with its portfolio of TurboTax Live products.

As an AI innovator and industry leader serving more than 100 million consumer and small business customers worldwide, Intuit incorporates AI technologies—including machine learning, natural language processing, and knowledge engineering—to seamlessly blend digital and live human experts on the platform behind the company’s TurboTax Live and QuickBooks Live products and services.

For the 2022 tax season, a combination of AI automation and augmentation is benefiting taxpayers and tax professionals alike. Now, with TurboTax Live Full Service, customers can be matched immediately to a tax expert from Intuit’s nationwide network to complete tax preparation from start to finish in a single session, rather than over the course of a few days.

“This tax season, AI will supercharge experts and experts will supercharge AI, helping to deliver advice at scale for customers and experts,” said Intuit Chief Data Officer Ashok Srivastava. “Intuit offers augmented intelligence that sits on the shoulders of its experts. With each interaction, our platform gets smarter, driving further automation of repetitive tasks, increasing accuracy, and allowing experts to focus on providing faster value to customers. Our goal is to cut filing times substantially by streamlining consumer and expert experiences with TurboTax Live Full Service.”

Enhanced and optimized AI advancements include:

Intuit’s Virtual Expert Platform is one example of how Intuit is fueling innovation through a common financial technology platform architecture shared by all of the company’s products and solutions to accelerate innovation at scale for its consumer and small business customers.

About Intuit

Intuit is the global financial technology platform that powers prosperity for the people and communities we serve. With more than 100 million customers worldwide using TurboTax, Credit Karma, QuickBooks, and Mailchimp, we believe that everyone should have the opportunity to prosper. We never stop working to find new, innovative ways to make that possible. Please visit us for the latest information about Intuit, our products and services, and find us on social.

This information is intended to outline general product direction, but represents no obligation and should not be relied on in making a purchasing decision. Additional terms, conditions and fees may apply with certain features and functionality. Eligibility criteria may apply. Product offers, features, functionality are subject to change without notice.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230201005281/en/