Indian Visa for Norwegian CitizensThanks to the Electronic Travel Authorization introduced in India on November 27, 2014, travelers wishing to visit India do not have to queue at the Embassy of India for a visa. The Indian e-Visa is a valid document that a Norwegian tourist, businessman or culture enthusiast can use to legally enter the country. The Indian e-Visa is currently available for 169 countries and Norway is one of those countries, so Norwegian citizens are generally available for this type of visa. The Indian Visa for Norwegian citizens has been available in the form of an electronic application since 2014. Tourist e-Visa - Used when you wish to enter India for tourism or visit purposes. This type can help you stay in India for up to 30 days with a single entry. Business e-Visa - This is used when you wish to travel to India for business or related reasons but NOT for work purpose. This type of visa allows you to stay in India for up to 365 days and enter and exit multiple times, each stay lasting no more than 180 days. E-Medical Visa: If you need medical treatment within India, this type is best for you as the length of stay is up to 60 days and triple entry in advance. An eligible Norwegian citizen can easily apply for the Indian e-Visa if they have a reliable internet connection, a debit/credit card and a valid passport.Documents Required by Norwegians Citizens  *A Valid passport: make sure that it is not expired when entering India *Digital photo of yourself: this picture must be recent and it should follow all the proper passport guidelines, including avoiding face gestures. *A complete passport scan of the information page. *Modes of payment: you can use a PayPal or credit/debit card to pay for the eVisa fees. *A valid E-mail address to receive the eVisa in their Inbox. *Business card copy and invitation letter: this requirement applies to people who want to go to India on business and apply for an India business e-Visa. *Letter from the hospital in India: this is valid for people who apply for a medical visa. INDIAN VISA FOR NEW ZEALAND CITIZENSThe Indian Visa for New Zealand Citizens has been available as an online application form from the Government of India since 2014. New Zealand citizens are among the 170 nationalities eligible to apply for an Indian Visa online. The simplified e-Visa for New Zealand and India allows travelers to obtain an electronic travel authorization for India from the comfort of their own home. However, it is now possible to apply for an e-Visa for India from New Zealand online only. There are several types of Indian eVisas available for eligible travelers such as the eTourist Visa, the eBusiness Visa, the eMedical Visa and the eMedical-attendant Visa. New Zealand can obtain a multiple-entry visa allowing up to 90 days of tourism on each entry and is valid for 365 days from the date of approval. You can also get a double-entry tourist visa, which will allow you a total stay of up to 30 days. Business e-Visa - This is used when you wish to travel to India for business or related reasons but NOT for work purpose. This type of visa allows you to stay in India for up to 365 days and enter and exit multiple times, each stay lasting no more than 180 days. E-Medical Visa: If you need medical treatment within India, this type is best for you as the length of stay is up to 60 days and triple entry in advance. All the different types of e-Visas for New Zealand and India are multiple-entry travel authorizations, with the exception of the online medical visa which is triple entry visa. This online entry visa to India eliminates the need to visit an embassy or consulate to apply in person or wait in long lines at the border to apply for an Indian visa on arrival.Documents Required for New Zealand Citizens  *New Zealand passport with a minimum validity of 6 months from the expected date of arrival in India, containing at least 2 blank pages *Digital image of the passport information page (also known as the biographical page) *A valid email address to receive the eVisa in their Inbox. *A recent photograph of the applicant, passport-style *You can use a Valid credit or debit card to pay for the eVisa fees. INDIAN VISA FOR SOUTH AFRICAN CITIZENSThe tourism industry in India is growing rapidly and the government is looking for ways to boost it. As a result, the Indian government introduced the Indian e-Visa to encourage tourists from all over the world to visit the nation. The Indian Visa for South African Citizens has been available in the form of an electronic application since 2014. To visit India, South African travelers have the option of applying for an Indian e-Visa. Currently, citizens of 166 countries can apply for and obtain an Indian e-Visa. The type of e-Visa you need depends on the purpose of your visit. If travelers intend to visit the country for tourism activities, they need an India Tourist eVisa. Tourist e-Visa - Stay in India for 30 days from the date of entry into India. This type is a single entry and cannot be extended. If the purpose of your visit is to conduct business, you will need an India Business eVisa. e-Business Visa: Stay in India for 365 days with multiple entries. However, this type of visa does not allow you to stay longer than 180 days at a time. If the traveler is visiting the country for medical treatment, they must apply for an Electronic Medical Visa. e-Medical Visa: Stay in India for 60 days from the date of entry into India with triple entry. Applying for an India e-Visa is a very simple process that is completed online and saves travelers the hassle of going to a local embassy or consulate to apply for one.WHAT ARE THE TYPES OF VISAS I CAN GET?  *Tourist eVisa. *Business eVisa. *Medical eVisa. What Documents Do South Africans Need to Get an Indian eVisa?  *All travelers must have a passport that will be valid for at least 6 months from the date of their arrival in India *A valid payment method (such as your debit/credit card) to pay for the eVisa fees. *A digital photo of yourself (it must be taken recently, you cannot make any gestures, and it must have a white background). *A valid email address to receive the eVisa in their Inbox. INDIAN VISA FOR SWISS CITIZENSIndia is one of the largest and most fascinating countries in the world. Before entering India, Swiss citizens must apply for a visa. Launched in India in 2014, e-Visas allow citizens of 166 countries to apply online for a tourist, medical or business e-Visa, including Swiss citizens. The Indian Visa for Swiss Citizens has been available as an online application form from the Government of India since 2014. Depending on the purpose of the visit, Swiss citizens can apply for an e-visa, tourist visa, business visa or medical visa. It is an official document that allows you to travel to and within India. India Tourist Visa for Swiss citizens are of two types. The 1 Month Tourist eVisa is valid for 30 days and allows Swiss travelers to enter India twice during this period. The maximum stay in the country is 30 consecutive days. The 1 Year Indian Tourist eVisa for visitors from Switzerland is valid for 1 year from the date of issue. It allows multiple entries during any 365-day period with stays of up to 90 consecutive days from the date of entry. The India Business Visa for Swiss Citizens has the same validity period of 1 year. However, the length of stay in India on a business visa is longer. Citizens of Switzerland can stay in India for up to 180 days with the e-business visa. It can be 180 consecutive days or a total of 180 days for multiple trips. This e-Visa is electronically linked to your passport. Applying for Indian Visa for Swiss citizens is easier than ever. Applying for Indian Visa for Swiss Citizens is a simple and quick process that can be completed in about 15 minutes from anywhere in the country as long as the applicant has an internet connection.WHAT ARE THE TYPES OF EVISA THERE ARE FOR SWISS NATIONALS?  *Tourist eVisa *Business eVisa *Medical eVisa Requirement for Indian Visa for Swiss citizens  *Passport - Passport, at least six months of remaining validity from the date of intended arrival. Two blank passport pages for stamps. *Digital photo of yourself - it is recommended that the photo is recently taken. You should not make face gestures in it, and the background should be white. *A scanned passport with its information page *A Valid email address to receive the eVisa in their Inbox. *Modes of payment - You can use a credit or a debit card, and since PayPal has become quite popular, you can use that as well. *Business card copy and invitation letter - this requirement applies to people who want to go to India on business and apply for an India business evisa. *Letter from the hospital in India - this is valid for people who apply for a medical visa. Indian Visa OnlineThe Government of India has set important milestones to increase the number of travelers visiting India. By 2023, more than 165 countries will have access to the e-Visa, out of the 43 countries that were eligible when it was launched in 2014, an important step in boosting tourism. Since 2014, international travelers wishing to visit India no longer need to apply for the traditional paper Visa to India in order to travel, eliminating the hassle of applying. India offers travelers from eligible countries the opportunity to obtain an e-visa to enter the country. Indian Electronic Visa or Electronic Visa (eTV) is an online travel authorization. It is a multiple entry visa for the e-Tourist and e-Business with a validity of 365 days and a triple entry for the e-Medical and e-Medical Attendant together with a validity of 60 consecutive days and a single-entry e -Conference is valid for 30 days. As most visitors now prefer to complete the Indian Visa Application online, there is no need to go to the Embassy in person and fill out forms and submit documents to the government. Hence, travelers are encouraged to use this program to get their Indian Visa e-Visa as the process is efficient and effective. The India e-Visa can be easily applied for with a short online application. Travelers only need to provide basic biographical information and their passport information.Types of Indian e-Visa  *Tourist e-Visa *Business e-Visa *Medical Visa e-Visa Eligibility Requirements for Indian Visa Application Online  Be a citizen of any of the 165+ countries whose citizens are eligible for the Indian Visa. The purpose of your visit is tourism, business or medical. You must have a valid passport for at least 6 months from the date of arrival in India. The passport must contain at least 2 blank pages. When applying for Indian Visa online, the details provided must exactly match those in your passport. Any discrepancies may result in visa refusal or delays in visa processing/issuance/entry into India. Enter the country only through certain authorized immigration checkpoints, including 28 airports and 5 seaports. Make an online payment using your international credit/debit card. Check your email address. Your e-Visa will be sent to your email. Media ContactCompany Name: INDIAN EVISAContact Person: MUKESH SHARMA CaitlinEmail: info@evisa-india.org.inPhone: +880 31-652225Address:2293/A Zakir Hossain Rd, ChattogramCountry: BangladeshWebsite: www.indiavisa-online.org/bn/visa/Source: www.abnewswire.com.(C) 2023 M2 COMMUNICATIONS, source M2 PressWIRE