ATLANTA - Continuing their support of increased access to quality care across the cancer continuum, AstraZeneca has committed $2.8 million toward the American Cancer Society's (ACS) Navigation Capacity-Building Initiative Grant Program.The program is part of ACS's commitment to enhancing oncology patient navigation and addressing barriers to individualized, timely, and equitable care for cancer patients and their families.'Strategic partnerships have always been critical in our goal to end cancer as we know it, for everyone. We are excited to have the support of our longtime partner, AstraZeneca, to strengthen our patient support navigation programs,' said Dr. Karen E. Knudsen, CEO of the American Cancer Society. 'These programs are critical in addressing health inequities for cancer patients, especially those that face the greatest barriers to care.'Patient navigation is one of the only evidence-based interventions to effectively help eliminate health disparities and improve health equity across the cancer continuum. ACS and AstraZeneca's continued partnership will help expand access to patient navigation by addressing barriers to individualized, timely, and equitable means of entry to care for cancer patients.'While scientific innovation has advanced greatly, not all patients have benefited equally,' said Dr. Carlos Doti, AstraZeneca vice president of US Oncology Medical Affairs. 'ACS is leading critical work to address barriers to innovative cancer prevention, detection, and treatment options that help patients live longer healthier lives. AstraZeneca is proud to partner with ACS on this initiative to advance our shared mission to end cancer.'Last year, ACS rolled out a three-phase patient navigation initiative to advance health equity, expand clinical and patient navigation support, and increase funding stability and reimbursement. This program ensures that medically underserved populations can access the right type of information, supportive resources, and patient services.For more than 15 years, the American Cancer Society and AstraZeneca have collaborated in developing and growing ACS' Patient Navigation programs. Most recently, AstraZeneca awarded ACS with an additional $250,000 grant to expand the Health Equity Ambassadors network. The network helps increase cancer prevention, early detection education, and community collaboration within medically underserved populations to deliver critical cancer-related information and resources.About the American Cancer SocietyThe American Cancer Society is a leading cancer-fighting organization with a vision to end cancer as we know it, for everyone. For more than 100 years, we have been improving the lives of people with cancer and their families as the only organization combating cancer through advocacy, research, and patient support. We are committed to ensuring everyone has an opportunity to prevent, detect, treat, and survive cancer.Contact:Ana MarquezEmail: ana.marquez@cancer.org(C) 2023 Electronic News Publishing, source ENP Newswire