China - Kangnuoya Biomedical Technology Co., Ltd. (HK: 02162) and Lepu Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (HK: 02157) jointly announced today that they will cooperate with AstraZeneca (LSE/STO /NASDAQ: AZN) has reached an exclusive global licensing agreement for the potential world's first Claudin 18.2 antibody conjugate drug CMG901.Under the license agreement, AstraZeneca will be responsible for the global development, production and commercialization of CMG901.CMG901 is undergoing a phase I clinical trial for the treatment of patients with solid tumors positive for Claudin18.2 expression. The preliminary results of the phase I clinical trial show that CMG901 has good safety and tolerability, and exhibits encouraging anti-tumor efficacy at the dose level of the current clinical trial.Based on this agreement and terms, KYM Biosciences Inc., a joint venture between Conoya and Lepu Biosciences, will receive an upfront payment of US$63 million and potential additional R&D and sales-related milestone payments of more than US$1.1 billion, as well as up to double digits Number of tiered royalties. AstraZeneca will receive an exclusive worldwide license for the research, development, registration, production and commercialization of CMG901. The transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2023, subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory clearances.Dr. Chen Bo, Co-Founder, Chairman and CEO of Conoya and Chairman of KYM Biosciences Inc. said: 'We are very pleased to cooperate with AstraZeneca. As a world-class biopharmaceutical company, AstraZeneca is in the field of anticancer The field has rich and successful experience in drug development and commercialization. This cooperation is not only based on the affirmation of CMG901 as the potential world's first Claudin18.2 ADC, but also the recognition of Connoya's independent R&D and innovation capabilities. Looking forward to this global project The cooperation will benefit patients at home and abroad.'Puja Sapra, Senior Vice President, Biologics Engineering and Tumor Targeted Delivery, AstraZeneca Oncology R&D, said: 'We welcome the opportunity to accelerate the development of CMG901, a potential new medicine for patients with Claudin18.2 positive cancers. CMG901 not only strengthens our growing pipeline of antibody-drug conjugates, but also supports our ambition to expand treatment options and improve outcomes for patients with gastrointestinal cancers.'About CMG901CMG901 is the first new recombinant humanized monoclonal antibody drug conjugate targeting Claudin 18.2 that has been approved for clinical trials in both China and the United States. It consists of an anti-Claudin 18.2 monoclonal antibody, a cleavable linker and a cytotoxic small molecule Composition of monomethyl auristatin E (MMAE). CMG901 is owned by KYM Biosciences Inc. (KYM), a joint venture between Conoya (70% owned by KYM) and Lepu Bio (30% owned by KYM) to jointly develop, manufacture and commercialize CMG901.Contact:Tel: 028-88610620Email: pr@keymedbio.com(C) 2023 Electronic News Publishing, source ENP Newswire