



          4Q & FY 2022 Results
        

          January 23, 2023
        



          Copyright 2023 Baker Hughes Company. All rights reserved. The information contained in this document is company confidential and proprietary property of Baker Hughes and its affiliates. It is to be used only for the benefit of Baker Hughes and may not be distributed, transmitted, reproduced, altered, or used for any purpose without the express written consent of Baker Hughes.
        





          2
        

          This presentation (and oral statements made regarding the subjects of this release) may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (each a "forward-looking statement"). The words "anticipate," "believe," "ensure," "expect," "if," "intend," "estimate," "project," "foresee," "forecasts," "predict," "outlook," "aim," "will," "could," "should," "potential," "would," "may," "probable," "likely," and similar expressions, and the negative thereof, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. There are many
        

          risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. These
        

          forward-looking statements are also affected by the risk factors described in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021 and those set forth from time to time in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The documents are available through the Company's website at: www.investors.bakerhughes.com or through the SEC's Electronic Data Gathering and Analysis Retrieval ("EDGAR") system at: www.sec.gov. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement.
        

          The Company presents its financial results in accordance with GAAP; however, management believes that using additional non-GAAP measures will enhance the evaluation of the profitability of the Company and its ongoing operations. See the Appendix of this presentation for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures.
        



          Copyright 2023 Baker Hughes Company. All rights reserved.
        




        Lorenzo Simonelli
      

        Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
      







                4Q & FY 2022 RESULTS
              



                4
              










          4Q & FY 2022 Highlights
        

          Continued OFSE margin improvement … legacy
        

          OFS margins achieved 20% EBITDA target


          Record IET orders of $4.3 billion in 4Q driven by


          LNG, Onshore/Offshore, and New Energy
        

          Initiated reorganization of Baker Hughes into
        

two leaner and more focused business segments


          Increased the dividend to $0.19 per share and repurchased ~$100 million of common stock


          Booked over $400M in New Energy orders, showing 50+% growth versus 2021




          Copyright 2023 Baker Hughes Company. All rights reserved.
        

          Note: EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure - see earnings release and/or appendix for GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations
        





          MACRO OUTLOOK
        

          Positive energy outlook for 2023, despite macro headwinds
        

          Global economy likely weighed down by inflation and tightening monetary conditions
        

          Global oil and gas spare capacity near historical lows… double digit upstream spending growth still anticipated in 2023
        

          China reopening + need to refill Europe's gas storage will keep LNG markets tight … supporting continued wave of project sanctions
        

          Inflation Reduction Act and potential new EU legislation to support significant growth in New Energy investment
        

          Copyright 2023 Baker Hughes Company. All rights reserved.
        



          5
        

          Early stages of multi-
        

          year growth cycle in
        

energy … supported by underlying economics, security concerns and decarbonization goals
        


Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
Baker Hughes Company published this content on 22 January 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 25 January 2023 14:57:04 UTC.
      

