


        Delivering pervasive semiconductors for humankind
      



        Disclaimer
      

        Building blocks of our "Foundation of Trust"
      

        This presentation and the accompanying oral presentation include "forward-looking statements," that reflect our current expectations and views of future events. These forward-looking statements are made under the "safe harbor" provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and include but are not limited to, statements regarding our financial outlook, future guidance, product development, business strategy and plans, and market trends, opportunities and positioning. These statements are based on current expectations, assumptions, estimates, forecasts, projections and limited information available at the time they are made. Words such as "expect," "anticipate," "should," "believe," "hope," "target," "project," "goals," "estimate," "potential," "predict," "may," "will," "might," "could," "intend," "shall," "outlook," "on track," and variations of these terms or the negative of these terms and similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Forward-looking statements are subject to a broad variety of risks and uncertainties both known and unknown. Any inaccuracy in our assumptions and estimates could affect the realization of the expectations or forecasts in these forward-looking statements. For example, our business could be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and supply chain disruptions due to the Russia/Ukraine conflict and actions taken in response to such events; the market for our products may develop more slowly than expected or than it has in the past; our operating results may fluctuate more than expected; there may be significant fluctuations in our results of operations and cash flows related to our revenue recognition or otherwise; a network or data security incident that allows unauthorized access to our network or data or our customers' data could damage our reputation; we could experience interruptions or performance problems associated with our technology, including a service outage; and global economic conditions could deteriorate. It is not possible for us to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. Moreover, we operate in a competitive and rapidly changing market, and new risks may emerge from time to time. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. These statements are based on our historical performance and on our current plans, estimates and projections in light of information currently available to us, and therefore you should not place undue reliance on them.
      

        Although we believe that the expectations reflected in our statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances described in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Moreover, neither we, nor any other person, assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of these statements. Recipients are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date such statements are made and should not be construed as statements of fact. Except to the extent required by federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update any information or any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, subsequent events, or any other circumstances after the date hereof, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
      

        This presentation and the accompanying oral presentation also contain estimates and other statistical data made by independent parties and by us relating to market size and growth and other data about our industry and business. This data involves a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such estimates. We have not independently verified the industry data generated by independent parties and contained in this presentation and, accordingly, we cannot guarantee their accuracy or completeness. In addition, projections, assumptions, and estimates of our future performance and the future performance of the markets in which we compete are necessarily subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk.
      

        In addition to the financial information presented in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"), this presentation includes the following adjusted non-IFRS metrics: adjusted gross profit (loss), adjusted gross
      

        margin, adjusted net income (loss), adjusted diluted earnings (loss) per share and adjusted EBITDA. We define adjusted gross profit (loss) as gross profit (loss) adjusted for share-based compensation expense. We define adjusted gross margin as adjusted gross profit (loss), which is gross profit (loss) before share-based compensation, divided by net revenues. We define adjusted operating profit (loss) as profit (loss) from operations adjusted for share-basedcompensation expense. We define adjusted operating margin as adjusted operating profit (loss) divided by net revenues. We define adjusted net income (loss) as net income (loss) adjusted for share-based compensation expense. We define adjusted diluted earnings (loss) per share as adjusted net income (loss) divided by the dilutive shares. We define adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss), excluding the impact of finance expense, income tax expense, depreciation, amortization, share-based compensation expense, transaction gains and associated expenses, restructuring charges and litigation settlements. We define adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA divided by net revenues.
      

        We believe that in addition to our results determined in accordance with IFRS, these adjusted non-IFRS measures provide useful information to both management and investors in measuring our financial performance and highlight trends in our business that may not otherwise be apparent when relying solely on IFRS measures. These adjusted non-IFRS financial measures provide supplemental information regarding our operating performance that excludes certain gains, losses and non-cash charges that occur relatively infrequently and/or that we consider to be unrelated to our core operations. For further information regarding these non-IFRS measures, please refer to "Appendix" in this presentation.
      

        Adjusted non-IFRS financial information is presented for supplemental informational purposes only and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with IFRS. Our presentation of adjusted non-IFRS measures should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or nonrecurring items. Other companies in our industry may calculate these measures differently, which may limit their usefulness as a comparative measure.
      




GlobalFoundries © 2022 All Rights Reserved
            



              2
            









              Delivering a
            



              more
            



              more
            





              new era of more
            



              innovation
            



              impact
            







          GF at a glance
        




                $6.6B
              



                2.4M
              





                2021 revenue
              



                2021 wafer shipments
              







                (300mm eq.)
              







                >200
              



                4
              





                customers in 2021
              



                manufacturing sites
              







                across three continents
              




          ~15,000 ~10,000 10.28.21
        




                employees
              



                patents
              



                GFS Nasdaq listed
              









GlobalFoundries © 2022 All Rights Reserved
              



                4
              









            GF journey
          

            Creation
          

            GlobalFoundries was created based on the thesis that the world needed a geographically diverse alternative to Taiwan
          



            Transformation
          

            Strategically re-positioned to serve pervasive semiconductor end markets
          


Strengthened management team aligned to mission


Refocused investments & accelerated differentiated solutions focused on pervasive markets


Increased single-sourced products
            

Driving margin expansion and earnings growth





            Realization
          

            The world's leading manufacturer of feature- rich semiconductor solutions
          


Gain share in secular end-markets
            

Innovate in purpose-built platforms and solutions
            

Capital efficient expansion through partnerships


Deliver best-in-class financials
            








                2009
              



                2017
              



                2018
              



                2021
              



                2022
              



                2030
              









GlobalFoundries © 2022 All Rights Reserved
              



                5
              




This is an excerpt of the original content. To continue reading it, access the original document here.
Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc. published this content on 11 January 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 11 January 2023 15:56:16 UTC.
      

