
Analog Devices, Inc. (Nasdaq: ADI) invites the public to experience the future of connectivity today through interactive demonstrations and expert discussions at Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2023. Visit Hall 2, Booth #2B18 to learn how ADI aims to minimize environmental impact, enable and accelerate breakthrough innovations, and enrich customers’ lives through solutions which reduce energy consumption, shorten design cycles, and enable the future of work.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230216005254/en/Join Analog Devices at MWC 2023 and experience the future of connectivity today. (Graphic: Business Wire)
ADI’s solutions enable customers to deliver innovative, advanced Radio Units (RUs) faster using conformance tested reference design platforms with commercial grade RU IP. ADI's experts will be on hand to discuss RAN energy saving solutions and demonstrate platform interoperability. Furthermore, ADI’s Consumer team will demonstrate their latest innovations in connectivity with applications such as mixed reality (MR) headsets and audible wearables.

Radio unit demonstration highlights:

In a world where virtual connections are increasingly part of everyday life, ADI will present several advancements in consumer technology which enrich the sensory experience with realistic human interactions:

For details about ADI’s O-RU Radio Platform, visit ADI's O-RU Radio Platform web page. The interoperability proven platform with fully functional end to end calls is on display at Mobile World Congress (MWC) within ADI’s booth (Hall 2, 2B18). For more information, visit ADI's MWC web page.

About Analog Devices

Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ: ADI) is a global semiconductor leader that bridges the physical and digital worlds to enable breakthroughs at the Intelligent Edge. ADI combines analog, digital, and software technologies into solutions that help drive advancements in digitized factories, mobility, and digital healthcare, combat climate change, and reliably connect humans and the world. With revenue of more than $12 billion in FY22 and approximately 25,000 people globally working alongside 125,000 global customers, ADI ensures today’s innovators stay Ahead of What’s Possible. Learn more at www.analog.com and on LinkedIn and Twitter.

All trademarks and registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230216005254/en/