Starbucks workers at a Baxter Station store, in Louisville, Kentucky have voted 14-4 to unionize, making it the fourth location in the Louisville area to join the Starbucks Workers United organization.Workers at the coffee giant have filed for elections represented at hundreds of Starbucks locations across America and won representation at nearly 300 stores nationwide, according to a press release from Workers United.In their initial letter to local management and CEO Howard Schultz, workers at the Baxter Station cafe expressed their motivations for unionizing:"Partners come from every background imaginable and their needs reflect that," they wrote. "From mid-career professionals to students working their first job, each one deserves more from this company and we are tired of waiting. Starbucks claims to care about its people, but can't provide the bare minimum to humans working in a global health crisis. It claims to provide industry-leading healthcare for part-time workers, but slash hours and unilaterally change policies making it nearly useless. At the same time, preying on the partner's fear of losing healthcare as a union-busting threat."Margot Mutter, a barista from the Baxter Station Starbucks, is happy with the vote."It's such an energizing time for workers here in Louisville," she said in the release. "I hope more people see this growing labor movement and take steps to organize their own workplace."Tamara Bell, a shift supervisor, agreed, stating the outcome was a long time coming."We fought long and hard for this victory, it may be a small victory but it is a great victory nonetheless," she said in the release. "I'm excited to see what this next chapter holds for us and the next milestone we reach. We're going to keep fighting for fairness at work. Big corporations cannot keep doing and saying whatever they want while stepping all over hard-working people. We deserve peace of mind like anyone else. I'm so excited, so happy, and so blessed."As of press time, Starbucks had not responded to FastCasual's request for comment.Copyright © 2023 Networld Media. All rights reserved., source Industry News