NEW ZEALAND VISA FOR NORWEGIAN CITIZENSNew Zealand is not a distant dreamland that should linger in the imagination of travelers. It's easy to get to and your voyage across the Pacific will reward you with many incredible attractions and local treasures. Norwegian passport holders can use the New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority (NZeTA) to enter New Zealand without obtaining a New Zealand visa from Norway for a period of 90 days under the Visa Waiver Scheme which was introduced in 2019. NZeTA is an electronic visa waiver required for eligible Norwegian citizens wishing to travel to New Zealand. The New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority is also required for citizens of all other NZeTA eligible countries when traveling in the appropriate circumstances. Norwegian citizens transiting through New Zealand en route to another Destination may need to apply for an NZeTA transit visa waiver prior to departure. It is easy and simple for Norwegian passport holders to obtain a valid New Zealand eTA before visiting the country. Norwegian passport holders visiting New Zealand for tourism, business or transit purposes with an intended stay of 90 days or less require an NZeTA to enter the country. The NZeTA grants holders multiple entries of up to 90 consecutive days each within its 2-year validity, as long as the passport used in the application form remains valid. Because the travel authorization is an electronic document, Norwegians can apply for an NZeTA online, eliminating the need to visit an embassy or consulate.WHAT ARE THE REQUIREMENTS FOR A NEW ZEALAND ETA?*Valid passport - what you should do before you proceed to fill in the application form is to make sure that the passport remains valid for at least another 6 months from the date of arrival in New Zealand. It should also have one blank page available for stamping *Travel dates - Your arrival and departure dates *E-mail address - after you submit your application, you will receive a confirmation with a reference number via e-mail. You will need it when you arrive in New Zealand. You can print it out or keep it on your phone *Means of online payment - You can use a credit or debit card, but if you want, you can use PayPal.NEW ZEALAND VISA FOR SWISS CITIZENSNew Zealand is undoubtedly one of the most spectacular places on earth. Consisting of two main islands and a number of smaller islands, New Zealand has an incredible variety of stunning landscapes, from subtropical forests, beaches and offshore islands. As a Swiss citizen, it is very easy to visit New Zealand. From October 1, 2019, the New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority is required for visa-exempt visitors, including Swiss citizens.All eligible travelers must apply for the New Zealand eTA visa waiver before visiting the country. The New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority is designed for foreigners visiting the country on holiday or attending business meetings and other events. The New Zealand eTA allows multiple entries for a maximum stay of 90 consecutive days each during its 2-year validity. Swiss citizens with an approved NZeTA can visit New Zealand multiple times for up to 90 consecutive days per stay without having to apply for a regular New Zealand tourist visa for the country. Applicants only have to pay the IVL once during this period. Swiss citizens can now travel to New Zealand with NZeTA, an electronic travel authorization that you can easily obtain online from your smartphone or PC.eTA New Zealand Document Requirements for of Switzerland*A Passport with at least 3 months of remaining validity after the date of intended exit from New Zealand. *A filled-out eTA New Zealand for Switzerland online application form. *A valid email address, to receive the NZeTA in their inbox. *You can use a credit or debit card to pay the eTA and IVL fees.NEW ZEALAND VISA FOR ICELAND CITIZENSThere are hundreds of reasons you will love New Zealand, from its snow-capped mountains, waterfalls, adventure activities and diverse wildlife to its friendliness, culture and world-class food and wine. Of course, there are many things to love about New Zealand and even more reasons to visit this country. Since July 2019, Icelandic citizens have required an eTA for New Zealand. The New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority is required for visa-exempt visitors, including Icelandic citizens. All eligible travelers must apply for the New Zealand eTA visa waiver before visiting the country. The New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority is designed for foreigners visiting the country on holiday or attending business meetings and other events. A New Zealand ETA visa for Iceland is not optional, but a mandatory requirement for all Icelandic citizens traveling to the country for short stays. The New Zealand eTA allows multiple entries for a maximum stay of 90 consecutive days during its 2-year validity. Icelandic citizens with an approved NZeTA can visit New Zealand multiple times for a maximum of 90 consecutive days per stay without having to apply for a regular New Zealand tourist visa to the country. If Icelandic citizens intend to stay longer, they must apply for a visa appropriate to their circumstances. Applicants only have to pay the IVL once during this period. Icelandic citizens can now travel to New Zealand with NZeTA, an Electronic Travel Authorization that you can easily obtain online from your smartphone or PC.New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority (NZeTA) Requirements for Icelandic Citizens*A valid travel document or passport in order to apply for (NZeTA). *A valid credit/debit card or PayPal account to pay for the (NZeTA) fees. *A valid email address, to receive the NZeTA in their Inbox.NEW ZEALAND VISA FOR BAHRAIN CITIZENSNew Zealand is a nature lover's paradise. New Zealand is a beautiful country to experience. The naturally rich nation has millions of things to offer. If you want to get the best out of this amazing nation, exploring the great outdoors is highly recommended. If you are a citizen of Bahrain and planning to visit New Zealand in 2022, you should know how to get a visa for this country. Since July 2019, Bahrain citizens are required to have an eTA for New Zealand. The New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority is required for visa-exempt visitors, including Bahrain citizens. All eligible travelers must apply for the New Zealand eTA visa waiver before visiting the country. The New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority is designed for foreigners visiting the country on holiday or attending business meetings and other events. A New Zealand ETA visa for Bahrain is not optional, but a mandatory requirement for all Bahrain citizens traveling to the country for short stays. The New Zealand eTA allows multiple entries for a maximum stay of 90 consecutive days during its 2-year validity. Bahrain citizens with an approved NZeTA can visit New Zealand multiple times for a maximum of 90 consecutive days per stay without having to apply for a regular New Zealand tourist visa to the country. If Bahrain citizens intend to stay longer, they must apply for a visa appropriate to their circumstances. Applicants only have to pay the IVL once during this period. Bahrain citizens can now travel to New Zealand with NZeTA, an Electronic Travel Authorization that you can easily obtain online from your smartphone or PC.What are the requirements of New Zealand Visa from Bahrain?*A valid travel document or passport in order to apply for New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority (NZeTA). *A valid credit or debit card or PayPal account to pay the New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority (NzeTA) fees *A valid email address, to receive the NZeTA in their inbox.NEW ZEALAND VISA FOR TAIWAN CITIZENSNew Zealand is one of the most desirable travel destinations in the world. New Zealand is a destination for lovers of natural paradise. Since October 1, 2019, Taiwanese citizens must apply for an NZeTA before entering New Zealand. The eTA was introduced to strengthen New Zealand's borders, improve security and reduce the risk of illegal immigration. Taiwanese passport holders are exempt from a New Zealand visa. This means that they do not need a visa to enter the country. Visiting New Zealand as a Taiwanese citizen is easy thanks to a mutual visa waiver agreement between Taiwan and New Zealand. Although not a visa, the New Zealand eTA is a mandatory requirement to visit the country. Taiwanese visitors can stay in New Zealand for tourism purposes for up to 90 consecutive days with the Electronic Travel Authority, NZeTA. The NZeTA for Taiwanese citizens allows multiple entries during its 2-year validity and grants a stay of 90 consecutive days on each entry. The tourist tax only has to be paid once. Applying for the NZeTA is quick and easy. Completing the online form only takes around 10 minutes and, in most cases, the NZeTA will be processed within 1 working day of the application being submitted.eTA New Zealand Document Requirements for Citizens of TaiwanA valid Taiwan passport valid for at least 3 months after the intended date of exit from New ZealandA completed online application form for the New Zealand eTA for TaiwanA valid email address, to receive the NZeTA in their inbox.You can use a credit or debit card to pay for the NZeTA and IVL fees.Media ContactCompany Name: NEW ZEALAND OfficialContact Person: Ginto Perathu ShellyEmail: info@newzealand-visas.orgPhone: +1 213-617-6700Address:350 S Grand Ave 1700City: Los AngelesCountry: United StatesWebsite: www.new-zealand-visa.co.nz/ha/visa/Source: www.abnewswire.com.(C) 2023 M2 COMMUNICATIONS, source M2 PressWIRE