"The Time Agents: Search for the Leon Key" by Sam Libraty has been released worldwide. This 196-page science fiction novel, which achieved Amazon Bestseller status as #10 in the Time Travel category and #19 in the Space Opera category, follows time agent Jon Howe as he travels across time and into a parallel world. Leaving the 25th century and arriving in 1939 Morocco, Jon teams up with the mysterious Shoshanna against a vicious dictator, Moogur, and his army of invading soldiers.As the pair discovers dictator Moogur's plot to take over both realities, an unlikely romance blossoms - and adds to their challenges. Fighting to reclaim the Leon Key before the Nazis can use it to bridge the rift between the two worlds, Jon and Shoshanna must come to grips with their differences, uncover secrets, and beat the odds to save both of their homes.Inspired by classic sci-fi writers like Robert Heinlein, Arthur C. Clarke, Isaac Asimov, Robert Silverberg, and others, this first installment of the Time Agents series draws from the rich tradition of futuristic technology, space, and time travel while also including elements of romance, mystery, and even detective noir. With compelling characters and a unique double world to explore, readers will be drawn into the story and kept in suspense as unexpected turns threaten Jon's mission.The Time Agents: Search for the Leon Key (ISBN: 9798215127841) can be purchased through retailers worldwide, including Barnes and Noble and Amazon. The paperback retails for $14.99, and the ebook retails for $2.99. Review copies and interviews are available for free upon request.Learn more at https://www.samlibraty.com/About the book:The Time Agents: Search for the Leon KeyVolume One of the Time Agents SeriesFrom author Sam Libraty comes a new science fiction contemporary series, The Time Agents. Book one of this series follows time agent Jon Howe as he travels from the 25th century to 1939 Morocco to stop an invasion from a parallel universe.Jon faces many challenges when he teams up with a beautiful and powerful woman from the parallel world, Shoshanna. Together, they must get the Leon Key away from the Nazis and use it to cross a rift between worlds. But not all is as it seems. Will Jon be able to cross to the other world, defeat a maniacal dictator and get the girl?About the author:Sam Libraty, raised in Pittsburgh, PA., was enamored with science fiction from an early age. His first encounter with science fiction was at age 7 when he discovered the Twilight Zone and Star Trek. One of the key moments in his life was, at age 15, meeting Gene Roddenberry, creator of Star Trek. After spending the afternoon talking about science fiction, the seed was planted. Sam knew that someday he would write science fiction.Sam studied music at Kent State University and Towson State University. After college, Sam dedicated his life to performing music, but with the birth of his first son, he changed his career to work in film and television.Some of his favorite authors are the Deans of science fiction from the 1950s-2020s. Authors such as Robert Heinlein, Arthur C. Clarke, Harlan Ellison, Robert Silverberg, and many contemporary writers.After a long career in entertainment, he began writing science fiction in his spare time. His first book, The Time Agents: Search for the Leon Key, was published in 2022.Sam is currently working on his next novel, The Time Agents: Fast Forward. Besides writing, he enjoys spending time with his family and friends, listening to music, and reading and watching good science fiction. Sam now lives in Los Angeles, California, with his wife Tam and cats, Noki and Mochi.Media ContactCompany Name: MindStir Media LLCContact Person: Jen McNabneyEmail: press@mindstirmedia.comPhone: 800-767-0531Address:1 New Hampshire Ave Suite 125City: PortsmouthState: NHCountry: United StatesWebsite: https://mindstirmedia.com/Source: www.abnewswire.com.(C) 2023 M2 COMMUNICATIONS, source M2 PressWIRE