


Producer: Ute Biernat


Executive Producer: Stefan Sprenger


Head Realisation: Sascha Kleinschmidt


Production Leads: Arabella Kitzinger, Hendrik Voß


Series Producers: Katharina Sciuk, Helena Sauer


Cast Producer: Stephan Dorsch


Production: UFA Show & Factual GmbH for Netflix


From February 28 only on Netflix


Click HEREto view the first images. 


Information and press materials are available in our Media Center and for more Netflix news and updates, check our Newsroom.​


Berlin, January 24, 2023: It's cold outside, German winters are long and dark - everyone's craving hot temperatures or a steamy adventure at least. Meet the hottest local singles who come together in a tropical paradise for what they think will be the sexiest vacation of their lives, participating in the made-up reality dating show Tropical Desire. But surprise: Instead of getting hot and heavy, they have to compete for a cash prize under strict 'no touching'-rules as the first-ever contestants of Too Hot To Handle: Germany.


With omniscient supercomputer Lana watching, will these wild German-speaking heartbreakers be able to stick to the rules and abstain from any kind of sexual contact (or self-gratification) in order to form meaningful connections, and keep that prize money as high as their sex drives? The pressure's on (quite literally)! 


From entertainment production house Fremantle for Netflix, the international original Too Hot To Handle has quickly become a fan-favorite among global reality TV formats and most recently successfully premiered its fourth season. After a Brazilian and a Spanish-language spin-off, it's high time to bring the fiery format to Germany!


Too Hot To Handle: Germanyis produced by UFA Show & Factual GmbH.


About TOO HOT TO HANDLE: GERMANY


The hottest German-speaking singles come together in a tropical paradise for what they think will be the most exotic and erotic time of their lives - but there's a twist. These commitment-phobes who love a casual hook-up will have to give up all sexy touching for the entire retreat if they want to win the €200,000 grand prize. No kissing, no heavy petting, and no self-gratification of any kind. With every slip, the prize money goes down. In this luxury no-bone zone, will the serial singletons be able to form deeper emotional connections? Or will the temptation simply be too hot to handle?


Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
Netflix Inc. published this content on 24 January 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 24 January 2023 08:06:02 UTC.
      

