
The Un-carrier takes it to the limit … one more time. T-Mobile (NASDAQ: TMUS) today announced it’s kicking off pre-orders for the Samsung Galaxy S23 Ultra, S23+ and S23 in stores and online here with availability starting Friday, Feb. 17. And only T-Mobile’s network can light up 5G standalone three-carrier aggregation, unleashing the new 5G devices to their full potential with faster speeds and better responsiveness than phones without it. New and existing customers can get the Samsung Galaxy S23+ for free (up to $1000 off) when trading in on Magenta MAX or the Samsung Galaxy S23 for free (up to $800 off) when adding a line on Magenta MAX via 24 monthly bill credits … plus even more deals on almost any plan including business.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230201005905/en/Speeds differ by location; typical download speeds on T-Mobile’s 5G network are between 43-143 Mbps with peaks over 1Gbps. (Photo: Business Wire)
“T-Mobile customers get a no compromises experience: the leading 5G network and industry-leading value. Now, we’re taking that experience to the next level with new speed and performance boosting technology (5G standalone three-carrier aggregation) available with the Galaxy S23 lineup only on T-Mobile’s network,” said Mike Sievert, CEO at T-Mobile. “The Un-carrier is the only place you can unleash the full potential of Samsung’s latest super phones.”

Leading 5G Network

As America’s leader in 5G, starting 2023 off with even more network awards, T-Mobile continues to be ahead of the game as the only wireless provider to enable 5G standalone three-carrier aggregation in parts of the network — combining three channels of mid-band 5G. That’s like adding more lanes on a highway where traffic is free to zoom freely and faster than before.

Just take a look at how the Samsung Galaxy S21 (without three-carrier aggregation) compares to the new Samsung Galaxy S23 on T-Mobile!

Speeds differ by location; typical download speeds on T-Mobile’s 5G network are between 43-143 Mbps with peaks over 1Gbps.

This just goes to show why upgrading to the latest devices with the latest network capabilities can make a real impact with faster speeds and better responsiveness than ever before. A device with three-carrier aggregation enabled can be 16% faster on average than one without it. In fact, T-Mobile engineers have seen peak speeds topping 3 Gbps! And it doesn’t end there. As T-Mobile's momentum continues, the Samsung Galaxy S23 series will also be among the first to leverage 5G standalone four-carrier aggregation in the future.

All three of the Galaxy S23 smartphones are enabled with this capability. To help decide which of the Galaxy S23 lineup to choose from, check out the full list of offers and device specs below:

Samsung Galaxy S23 Lineup:

All monthly payments are for 24 months with credit check on T-Mobile’s no-interest Equipment Installment Plan.

Follow T-Mobile’s Official Twitter Newsroom @TMobileNews to stay up to date with the latest company news.

Limited time offers; subject to change. Tax on pre-credit price due at sale. Contact us before cancelling service to continue remaining bill credits, or credits stop & balance on required finance agreement is due (e.g. $799.99 – Samsung Galaxy S23 128GB / $999.99 –Samsung Galaxy S23+ 256GB). Qualifying credit, service, and/or trade-in (e.g., Save $1,000: Samsung GS21+ / Save $800: Samsung GS21) / Save $400: Samsung Note 5) required. If you have cancelled lines in past 90 days, you may need to reactivate them first. $35 device connection charge due at sale. Up to $1,000 via bill credits; must be active and in good standing to receive credits; allow 2 bill cycles. Max 4 discounted devices/account. May not be combinable with some offers or discounts. Memory upgrade: Offer valid 2/1/2023 – 2/16/23, or while supplies last. Up to $1000 Port-In: Via $200 virtual prepaid card per line for up to 5 switched MAX lines; allow 8 weeks. Qualifying credit, service, and port-ins required. Card issued by Sunrise Banks N.A., Member FDIC; no cash access & expires in 6 months.

About T-Mobile

T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: TMUS) is America’s supercharged Un-carrier, delivering an advanced 4G LTE and transformative nationwide 5G network that will offer reliable connectivity for all. T-Mobile’s customers benefit from its unmatched combination of value and quality, unwavering obsession with offering them the best possible service experience and undisputable drive for disruption that creates competition and innovation in wireless and beyond. Based in Bellevue, Wash., T-Mobile provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile, Metro by T-Mobile and Sprint. For more information please visit: https://www.t-mobile.com.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230201005905/en/