


2023's 29th Annual Ceremony Will Be Broadcast Live On Netflix's YouTube Channel


Hollywood, Calif. - January 11, 2023 - The Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards® will stream live on Netflix globally beginning in 2024 thanks to a new multi-year partnership between Netflix and the SAG Awards. 


SAG-AFTRA National Executive Director Duncan Crabtree-Ireland said: "We are thrilled to embark on this exciting new partnership with Netflix and we look forward to expanding the global audience for our show. As the only televised awards program exclusively honoring the performances of actors, whose work is admired by millions of fans, the SAG Awards are a unique and cherished part of the entertainment universe."


Netflix Head of Global TV Bela Bajaria said: "The SAG Awards are beloved by the creative community and viewers alike, and now even more fans around the world will be able to celebrate these talented actors. As we begin to explore live streaming on Netflix, we look forward to partnering with SAG-AFTRA to elevate and expand this special ceremony as a global live event in 2024 and the years to come." 


This year's 29th Annual SAG awards is scheduled to be broadcast online on Sunday, February 26 at 8 p.m. ET / 5 p.m. PT, celebrating the outstanding motion picture and television performances of 2022. With this new deal in place, Netflix has agreed to stream the show on Netflix's YouTube channel, YouTube.com/Netflix, and will tap into their broad array of social media channels to promote the event.  The ceremony will be presented by SAG-AFTRA with Screen Actors Guild Awards, LLC and executive produced by Jon Brockett and produced by Avalon Harbor Entertainment.


Nominees for the 29th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards® honoring outstanding individual, cast and ensemble performances for the past year will be announced this morning at 7 a.m. PT by Ashley Park (Emily in Paris) and Haley Lu Richardson (The White Lotus), and via Instagram Live on instagram.com/sagawards and instagram.com/Netflix. The nominees for outstanding action performances by film and television stunt ensembles will be announced by SAG Awards Committee Members Jason George and Elizabeth McLaughlin with an introduction by SAG-AFTRA President Fran Drescher. 


ABOUT THE SAG AWARDS 


One of awards season's premier events, the SAG Awards annually celebrates the outstanding motion picture and television performances of the year. Voted on by SAG-AFTRA's robust and diverse membership of 122,000+ performers, the SAG Awards has the largest voting body on the awards circuit. Beloved for its style, simplicity, and genuine warmth, the show has become an industry favorite and one of the most prized honors since its debut in 1995. 


ABOUT SAG-AFTRA 


SAG-AFTRA is the creator and founding producer of the SAG Awards. The union represents approximately 160,000 entertainment and media professionals including actors, stunt performers, voiceover artists, recording artists, singers, announcers, broadcast journalists, dancers, DJs, news writers, news editors, program hosts, puppeteers, influencers and other industry professionals. We are the faces and voices that entertain and inform America and the world.


ABOUT NETFLIX


Netflix is the world's leading streaming entertainment service with 223 million paid memberships in over 190 countries enjoying TV series, documentaries, feature films and mobile games across a wide variety of genres and languages. Members can play, pause and resume watching as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, and can change their plans at any time.


Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
Netflix Inc. published this content on 11 January 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 11 January 2023 14:14:15 UTC.
      

