Florence Community Center is the site of a new outdoor basketball facility where youth can play, practice teamwork, and build relationships in the community.Fiserv, Inc., a leading global provider of payments and financial services technology solutions with a flagship presence in Nebraska, and Nancy Lieberman Charities unveiled a Dream Court at Omaha's Florence Community Center. The leading-edge court will provide a safe space for neighborhood children to play, learn the importance of teamwork and good sportsmanship, and build relationships with the community.The new facility, which joins an existing court at the South Omaha Boys & Girls Club to become the second Dream Court in the city, was dedicated with a ribbon-cutting ceremony, followed by a basketball clinic attended by local youth. Fiserv and Nancy Lieberman Charities teamed up with the City of Omaha, the Omaha Police Department and Omaha Parks and Recreation to gift the court to the community.'I'm so excited to come back to Omaha; I lived here for a number of years and have many memories, so to now create our second Dream Court in the city is extremely gratifying,' said Basketball Hall of Famer and two-time Olympian, Nancy Lieberman, founder of Nancy Lieberman Charities. 'Kids will have their own Dream Court to fulfill their dreams, compete and build lifelong friendships. I'm grateful to my Fiserv family for this partnership with the City of Omaha.''The Dream Court provides opportunities to motivate and inspire young people to learn more than the rules of the game. They learn good sportsmanship and tolerance, what it feels like to win and lose, and the importance of respect for others. These life lessons are always important,' said Omaha Mayor Jean Stothert. 'We are grateful to Fiserv and Nancy Lieberman Charities for supporting Omaha and our youth.'The court at Florence Community Center is high school regulation size, 50-by-84 feet, with two new basketball goals. It features a high-performance PowerGame surface from Sport Court, with the Dream Court logo as its centerpiece and Fiserv branding featured on both halves of the court.'We are honored to partner with Nancy Lieberman Charities and Fiserv and be the recipient of a Dream Court. This will make an amazing impact in this part of Omaha, and we are incredibly excited about our engagement with the surrounding neighborhoods' youth,' said Matthew Kalcevich, Director, City of Omaha Parks and Recreation. 'Partnerships like these are the wave of the future. As a Parks and Recreation Department, we always look for ways to enhance our service and provide for the community. An addition like this truly hits the mark.''Fiserv is committed to serving the communities where we live, work, and play by doing our part to make a lasting and positive impact,' said Joanne Sebby, Chief Risk Officer of Fiserv. 'It is our hope that this Dream Court provides local youth enjoyment and enrichment as a place to feel motivated, inspired, to be their best selves and to form the building blocks of success.'Fiserv has a significant presence in Nebraska with operations in Omaha and Lincoln, and in 2022 launched the Fiserv Back2Business program in the state, connecting diverse small businesses with critical resources including small business coaching, leading technology solutions such as the Clover point of sale and business management platform, and community partners. Fiserv has presented $10,000 grants to nearly 100 minority-owned small businesses in the Cornhusker State as part of the program.Nancy Lieberman Charities has donated almost 100 Dream Courts throughout the U.S., including a Fiserv-funded court in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, to make basketball more accessible to children and provide a safe environment for them to play. Dream Courts serve over five million youth each year.In a world that is moving more quickly than ever before, Fiserv helps clients deliver solutions in step with the way people live and work today - financial services at the speed of life. Learn more at fiserv.com.About Nancy Lieberman CharitiesNancy Lieberman Charities was established in 2009 with the mission to provide a healthy physical, emotional and mental environment for young girls and boys to build their self-esteem and confidence so they will be able to make the right choices in the future. Nancy Lieberman is dedicated to expanding and ensuring that educational and sports opportunities exist for youth through her basketball camps and clinics, Dream Court projects, college scholarships, backpack and laptop programs. Find us online at nancyliebermancharities.org on Facebook at @NancyLiebermanCharities, on Twitter @NLCharities and on Instagram at @NLCharities.About FiservFiserv, Inc. (NASDAQ: FISV) aspires to move money and information in a way that moves the world. As a global leader in payments and financial technology, the company helps clients achieve best-in-class results through a commitment to innovation and excellence in areas including account processing and digital banking solutions; card issuer processing and network services; payments; e-commerce; merchant acquiring and processing; and the Clover cloud-based point-of-sale and business management platform. Fiserv is a member of the S&P 500 Index and one of Fortune World's Most Admired Companies. Visit fiserv.com and follow on social media for more information and the latest company news.(C) 2023 Electronic News Publishing, source ENP Newswire