"As a minister and first responder paramedic, Cassell Jr. is uniquely positioned to minister to people right where they are."A memoir, "Pain, Tears, and Testimony: From the Loss of a Mother to Reuniting with my Father" by Albert Benedict Cassell Jr., tells the story of overcoming and resiliency.Los Angeles, CA, USA -- Albert Benedict Cassell Jr. first joined the Fire Department, staying up many nights and journaling his experiences. Over the years, his journaling became therapeutic, and he realized how much emotion and insight he held inside. Cassell Jr. says, "The words on the paper became a pathway to the inner me and communication with my Heavenly Father. It became healing for me, and now it's time to share that with others." The result was the publication of "Pain, Tears, and Testimony: From the Loss of a Mother to Reuniting with my Father" by Cassell Jr., published by Westbow Press on January 31, 2023. The book is available in eBook, paperback, and hardback from Amazon and Barnes and Noble. Cassell Jr. admits he was a broken man who was made whole by the power of God. "It's my mission to tell the world that your test does not have to end in tragedy. Your test is the catalyst to your triumph. My message is to the younger me, expressing my most inner thoughts throughout the book, as I navigate through grief, marriage, faith, and family," Cassell Jr. says. According to Cassell Jr., "Readers should purchase this book because there is healing in our testimonies. We do not go through the storms of life to be broken but to be renewed and made whole again. My story can help someone who may be grieving the loss of a loved one, a marriage, or internal trauma. Recognizing the pain is the first step towards building resiliency." As a minister and first responder paramedic, Cassell Jr. is in a unique position to minister to people right where they are.ABOUT THE BOOKPAIN, TEARS, AND TESTIMONY: From the Loss of a Mother to Reuniting with my FatherI have come to the realization that the Lord has allowed me to endure the pain, tears, and testimony, all for His glory. I'm here to share a story of a broken man made whole through the power of God. His grace and mercy found me when I lost myself. None of us are perfect, but the journey is all worth it. I thank God for the true freedom given to me through the salvation of Jesus Christ. Holy Spirit, lead me.Available in eBook, paperback, and hardback from Amazon and Barnes and NobleABOUT THE AUTHORAlbert Benedict Cassell Jr. is a bold communicator with a message of resilience and healing. Born in Providence, Rhode Island, Albert is the son of Albert Benedict Cassell Sr. and the late Sophie Muhlenburg Cassell of Liberia, West Africa. Albert is married to Crystal Greyann Cassell, and within their union, they have four children, Khalil, Alijah, Asaiah, and Azaniah. Albert spent his early childhood years in the Providence public school system before attending boarding school in Hershey, Pennsylvania. At the Milton Hershey School, Albert completed the academic standards with a focus in agriculture, visual, and performing arts. Albert is a graduate of Winston-Salem State University in North Carolina. There he received a Bachelor of Arts in Mass Communications with a focus in public relations. Upon graduation, he began his career at Viacom / MTV Networks in New York City. There he served as a field producer for the News and Documentary Department. Inspired by those who assisted with the personal and medical care of his mother before her death, Albert answered the call for public service, becoming a Career Firefighter / EMT. Within the Fire service, Albert learned the importance of staying calm under pressure while maintaining compassionate service to the community. Today Albert serves as a Minister, Author, and Paramedic. Albert has published a children's book, "Aji'Paw: The Boy Who Found the Sun" and a memoir entitled, "Pain, Tears, and Testimony." With the instrument of voice, Albert plans to be used as a vessel to bring healing and build resilience.Website: www.Alwritesbooks.comemail: alcassell@gmail.comemail: provxvi3@gmail.comInstagram: @al_cassell_jrInstagram: @alwritesbooksMedia ContactCompany Name: AAPH Press Distribution, LLCContact Person: Albert Benedict Cassell Jr.Email: alcassell@gmail.comPhone: 951-234-1620Address:1231 Williams BlvdCity: St. LouisState: MOCountry: United StatesWebsite: Alwritesbooks.comSource: www.abnewswire.com.(C) 2023 M2 COMMUNICATIONS, source M2 PressWIRE