
As businesses juggle the costs and complexities of rising demand for online delivery, Fiserv, Inc. (NASDAQ: FISV), a leading global provider of payments and financial services technology solutions, has introduced a new solution enabling enterprise restaurants, retailers, and grocers to optimize delivery operations, reduce costs, and regain control of their customers’ delivery experience.

Via a new Delivery Optimization solution available to enterprises leveraging the Carat commerce platform, businesses are able to connect their digital commerce operations to more than 40 different delivery providers through a single integration, access functionality that simplifies multi-party settlement, and grow customer loyalty by retaining valuable influence over customer journeys. The solution pairs split settlement capabilities from Carat with a delivery management platform from Bringg to help businesses efficiently unify last mile delivery, fulfillment and returns.

“Explosive growth in online delivery has created tremendous digital opportunity for businesses of all types, while adding new challenges to their operating models,” said Casey Klyszeiko, Senior Vice President and Head of Global eCommerce and Carat, Fiserv. “Our new Delivery Optimization solution enables businesses to best manage their own costs, while also retaking control of customer relationships so they can increase brand loyalty.”

Through a single API integration, this service allows enterprises to:

“The delivery industry continues to evolve at an unprecedented rate, and consumers have become accustomed to a seamless delivery experience,” said Guy Bloch, CEO of Bringg. “Our relationship with Fiserv will allow large enterprises to efficiently manage delivery workflows, while still providing an elevated delivery experience for their customers.”

Carat is the global commerce platform from Fiserv that orchestrates payments and experiences for the world’s largest businesses. With Carat, leading brands can unify their commerce, optimize transactions, and imagine and realize new ways to engage with customers.

Learn more at carat.fiserv.com.

About Fiserv

Fiserv, Inc. (NASDAQ: FISV) aspires to move money and information in a way that moves the world. As a global leader in payments and financial technology, the company helps clients achieve best-in-class results through a commitment to innovation and excellence in areas including account processing and digital banking solutions; card issuer processing and network services; payments; e-commerce; merchant acquiring and processing; and the Clover® cloud-based point-of-sale and business management platform. Fiserv is a member of the S&P 500® Index and one of Fortune® World’s Most Admired Companies™. Visit fiserv.com and follow on social media for more information and the latest company news.

About Bringg

Bringg is the delivery management platform market leader, serving over 800 customers globally. Bringg manages and unifies last mile delivery, fulfillment and returns, empowering enterprises to manage and grow their delivery capacity, reduce costs and provide branded customer experiences. Bringg’s open SaaS platform and robust network of over 250 delivery providers, enables enterprises to offer customers any delivery option, whether using internal drivers or external delivery providers, including 3PL, carriers, crowdsourced fleets or independent gig drivers (https://www.bringg.com/).

FISV-G
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230228005252/en/