Key TakeawaysThe Obama-Chesky Scholarship for Public Service supports students interested in pursuing public service careers with an academic scholarship, exposure to travel, and connections to a network of leaders.The Obama Foundation has opened 2023 applications for the Voyager Scholarship, The Obama-Chesky Scholarship for Public Service. Funded by a $100 million personal contribution from Airbnb Co-founder and CEO Brian Chesky to the Obama Foundation, the Voyager Scholarship provides college students with last-dollar financial aid to help alleviate the burden of college debt, provide meaningful travel experiences to expand their horizons, and offer a network of mentors and leaders to support them throughout their careers. The two-year scholarship program for US-based students in their junior and senior years of college offers unique opportunities for those who are committed to pursuing careers that serve the public and their communities.Last year, as part of our commitment to empower, inspire, and connect people to change their world, we welcomed the inaugural cohort of 100 Voyagers to the Obama Foundation family. They represent 35 states and territories, 70 colleges and universities, and are among the brightest and most inspiring young people I have ever met. Each and every one of them shares a passion for public service and the determination to change their world for the better. If this sounds like a rising college junior you know, I hope you will encourage them to apply for the Voyager Scholarship-the Obama Foundation stands ready to empower leaders to bridge divides and take on the biggest challenges of our time.Obama Foundation Chief Executive Officer Valerie JarrettApplications are now open to undergraduate students entering their junior year of college in Fall 2023 at an accredited four-year college or university in the US. Students from two-year and four-year colleges are welcome to apply. Voyager Scholarship for Public Service recipients will receive:Up to $50,000 in financial aid: Students will receive up to $25,000 per year in financial aid for their junior and senior years of college. This financial aid should alleviate the burden of college debt so that students can afford to pursue a career in public service.Summer Voyage: Students will receive a $10,000 stipend and credits for Airbnb housing to pursue a summer work-travel experience between their junior and senior year of college. The students will design their own Summer Voyage to gain exposure to new communities and experience in a chosen field.10-year travel stipend: After graduation, Airbnb will provide the students with a $2,000 Airbnb travel credit every year for 10 years, totaling $20,000. This will allow students to continue to broaden their horizons and forge new connections throughout their public service careers.Fall Summit: Students will be invited to a fall summit to help define their public service voyage. They'll hear from guest speakers on different approaches to service and connect with other scholarship recipients.Network of leaders: Throughout the program, students will be invited to an ongoing speaker series, giving them access to a network of leaders. This network of leaders will expose them to new areas of service and innovations happening in their fields. After graduation, they will join the Obama Foundation's global community, providing them with Foundation resources and programming.Applications will be accepted beginning today and must be received by March 22, 2023 at 3:00 PM CT. 100 students will join the second cohort of Voyagers. Accepted students will be notified in July.For more information and to apply, visit voyager-scholarship.obama.org.About AirbnbAirbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals across over 220 countries and regions. Travel on Airbnb keeps more of the financial benefits of tourism with the people and places that make it happen. Airbnb has generated billions of dollars in earnings for Hosts, most of whom are individuals listing the homes in which they live. Among Hosts who report their gender, more than half are women, and one in five employed Hosts are either teachers or healthcare workers. Travel on Airbnb also has generated more than $4 billion in tax revenue around the world. Airbnb has helped advance more than 1,000 regulatory frameworks for short-term rentals, including in 80% of our top 200 geographies. In late 2020, to support our continued expansion and diversification, we launched the City Portal to provide governments with a one-stop shop that supports data sharing and compliance with local registration rules. We continue to invest in innovations and tools to support our ongoing work with governments around the world to advance travel that best serves communities.About Airbnb.orgAirbnb.org is a nonprofit organization dedicated to facilitating temporary stays for people in times of crisis around the world. Airbnb.org operates independently and leverages Airbnb, Inc.'s technology, services, and other resources at no charge to carry out Airbnb.org's charitable purpose. The inspiration for Airbnb.org began in 2012 with a single host named Shell who opened up her home to people impacted by Hurricane Sandy. This sparked a movement and marked the beginning of a program that allows Hosts on Airbnb to provide stays for people in times of need. Since then, the program has evolved to focus on emergency response and to help provide stays to evacuees, relief workers, refugees, asylum seekers, and frontline workers fighting the spread of COVID-19. Since then, Hosts have offered to open up their homes and helped provide accommodations to 100,000 people in times of need. Airbnb.org is a separate and independent entity from Airbnb, Inc. Airbnb, Inc. does not charge service fees for Airbnb.org supported stays on its platform.(C) 2023 Electronic News Publishing, source ENP Newswire