Idaho - KORE Power, Inc. (KORE), the leading U.S.-based developer of lithium-ion battery cells and manufacturer of integrated solutions for the e-mobility and energy storage systems has added Dr. Liang Tao, formerly of Rivian Automotive, Inc., to its leadership team.Dr. Tao comes to KORE with two decades of experience in manufacturing and business leadership across the Lithium-ion battery value chain, bringing critical experience in engineering, supply chain and market analysis and a career commitment to advancing the circular economy.'Few people understand the battery market as thoroughly as Dr. Tao,' said KORE CEO and Co-founder Lindsay Gorrill. 'From the mining of raw materials and the chemistries of Lithium-ion battery products to the end users in energy storage systems and e-mobility, he has built his career advancing batteries, and we're thrilled to add him to the KORE team.'Upon completing his doctoral work at the University of Maryland, Dr. Tao began his career as a researcher at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and received an MBA from Tulane University. After entering the private sector, he joined Albemarle Corporation where he focused on raw materials used in battery manufacturing, before moving to Townsend Solutions where he headed-up business development, business intelligence, market analysis and data science. Dr. Tao's latest work was at Rivian, where he was the Principal of Battery Strategy and Cell Engineering.'KORE Power is uniquely positioned as a domestic manufacturer with U.S.-owned IP to create mission-critical batteries to electrify the transportation sector and create a clean electric grid,' Dr. Tao said. 'But just as important to me is helping KORE Power deliver on its promise to become a global leader in sustainable manufacturing and a catalyst for economic growth in the U.S. and across the company's growing footprint.'About KORE PowerKORE Power, Inc. (KORE) is headquartered in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho, with operations in Waterbury, Vermont, and Buckeye, Arizona. KORE is the leading U.S.-based developer of battery cell technology for the clean energy industry. With clients in energy storage, e-mobility, utility, industrial and mission-critical markets, KORE Power provides the backbone for decarbonization across the globe. As the first U.S.-based, American-owned, and fully integrated provider of cells, batteries, and solutions, KORE is uniquely positioned to serve these markets. Through the construction and operations of its large-scale battery cell manufacturing facility in the U.S., KORE is positioned to operate at 12 GWh per year capacity. The facility (the 'KOREPlex') will operate with net-zero carbon emissions through strategic partnerships and solar and storage co-generation.KORE Power's differentiated approach provides customers with direct access, unparalleled service, superior technology, and Tier 1 product availability. Focused on building sustainable communities, clean energy jobs, and green economic expansion, KORE Power is proud to offer a functional solution to real-world problems and fulfill market demand to deliver a zero-carbon future. The KOREPlex is expected to come to Buckeye, Arizona, and be the anchor to the development of the Sustainable Valley by the end of 2024.Contact:Aleysha NewtonTel: +1 (208) 758-9392Email: anewton@korepower.com(C) 2023 Electronic News Publishing, source ENP Newswire