
EA SPORTS has collaborated with a number of league partners to launch a line-up of in-game kits featuring powerful messages about eradicating racism and discrimination in football, on and off the pitch. The unique kits will be available through completing simple Objectives in EA SPORTS FIFA 23*, giving fans the chance to spread these important messages.

“EA SPORTS is committed to tackling toxicity not only in our games but also out on the pitch and beyond,” said Andrea Hopelain, SVP of Brand, EA SPORTS. “We stand with our league partners and aim to use our platform to spread the anti-racism message through gaming. Players across the globe can now access the latest bespoke kits in-game and showcase their support for this important cause.”

Campaigns from league partners and EA SPORTS include:

Please see imagery of all the kits here. Sign up to the EA Press Portal for wider imagery.

Electronic Arts (EA) and EA SPORTS are committed to building healthy communities and as such in 2020 EA launched the Positive Play Charter in the spirit of reinforcing positive play within its community. The charter outlines the commitment to combat disruptive behaviour and promote healthier behaviour, by creating positive interactions, positive experiences and positive environments for all. For more information on the Positive Play Charter see here.

FIFA 23 is developed by EA Vancouver and EA Romania and is available now on PlayStation 5, Xbox Series X|S, PC, PS4, and Xbox One.

About Electronic Arts

Electronic Arts (NASDAQ: EA) is a global leader in digital interactive entertainment. The Company develops and delivers games, content and online services for Internet-connected consoles, mobile devices and personal computers.

In fiscal year 2022, EA posted GAAP net revenue of approximately $7 billion. Headquartered in Redwood City, California, EA is recognized for a portfolio of critically acclaimed, high-quality brands such as EA SPORTS™ FIFA, Battlefield™, Apex Legends™, The Sims™, Madden NFL, Need for Speed™, Titanfall™, Plants vs. Zombies™ and F1®. More information about EA is available at www.ea.com/news.

EA, EA SPORTS, Ultimate Team, Battlefield, Apex Legends, The Sims, Need for Speed, Titanfall, and Plants vs. Zombies are trademarks of Electronic Arts Inc. John Madden, NFL, FIFA and F1 are the property of their respective owners and used with permission. FIFA and FIFA's Official Licensed Product Logo are copyrights and/or trademarks of FIFA. All rights reserved.

*Bundesliga bespoke kit will appear in-game March 29th, with assets available then also

Category: EA Sports
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230321005675/en/