
 
 
 
Corporate results:

Philips: Annual results are higher than expected. The group will cut 6000 more jobs.
Ryanair: Q3 fiscal revenue comes in at €2.31bn.

 
In other news:

Toyota Motor sold 10.5 million vehicles in 2022, keeping its title as the world's number one automaker.
Volkswagen expects to reap the benefits of its heavy investments from 2026.
Unilever appoints Hein Schumacher as CEO.
Eni signs an $8 billion gas deal in Libya.
Baidu plans to launch an artificial intelligence similar to ChatGPT by March in China.
Deka calls for the swift replacement of Bayer CEO Werner Baumann.
Elon Musk is under investigation by the SEC for his role in reporting on Tesla's self-driving capabilities.
The Italian Treasury has signed a letter of intent with Lufthansa to sell a minority stake in state-owned ITA Airways (formerly Alitalia).
Rheinmetall wants to increase its arms production.
Adani Enterprises calls Hindenburg's bearish study a premeditated stock fraud.
The bankrupt Flybe airline ceases operations and cancels all its flights.
Wall Street-listed Chinese companies Alibaba, Bilibili, Pinduoduo and JD.Com were down 4 percent to 7.5 percent in premarket trading after Mike McCaul, the new chairman of the U.S. House of Representatives' Foreign Affairs Committee, said Sunday that the risks of a conflict with China over Taiwan are "very high".
Goldman Sachs Group has restructured its assets in Russia, which could pave the way for a full exit from the country, RBC reported Monday, citing two investment market sources.
Biogen and Eisai announced in a joint statement that the Japanese Ministry of Health has granted priority review status to the two companies' Alzheimer's disease treatment lecanemab.
Boeing - The U.S. aircraft manufacturer will deliver on Tuesday to Atlas Air the last Boeing 747, a twin-aisle aircraft designed in the late 1960s to meet the demand for mass travel and which will be discontinued.

Today's main earnings reports: Unicredit, Sumitomo Mitsui, NXP Semiconductors, Canon, Philips, Galp Energia, Computacenter, Interroll... All the agenda here.
