Key Takeaways* Airbnb reveals the most wishlisted pub conversions around the world to celebrate St Patrick's Day* American, British, French and German guests are some of the top guests visiting Ireland* In 2022, Irish Hosts collectively earned over EUR3.2 million during the celebrationsFrom Dublin to Dallas and from Limerick to London, the Irish Diaspora and those who hold Ireland close to their hearts will be donning green this March to celebrate the global phenomenon of St. Patrick's Day. One of the most enduring symbols of the Irish abroad - a home away from home - is the iconic Irish pub.To celebrate St. Patrick's Day, Airbnb reveals the most wishlisted converted pub stays around the world, where guests can pull a pint and then stay the night.Most wishlisted 'pub' stays around the world1:Unique Exclusive Pub Framed by Rolling Hills (Pontardawe, Wales, United Kingdom)Loft in 19th Century Brewery (Whitechapel, England, United Kingdom)Killorglin Irish Pub (County Kerry, Ireland)An Irish Pub & Inn (Wahoo, NE, United States)Lovely Apartment Attached to Irish Pub (Thornton, NH, United States)The Pumphouse Pub (Kilkenny, Ireland)16th Century Droving Inn (Lincolnshire, England, United Kingdom)Quirky Pub with Townhouse (Kent, England, United Kingdom)14th Century Converted Pub (Lydd, England, United Kingdom)Lovingly Converted 18th Century Pub (Ryhall, England, United Kingdom)Alongside the Irish celebrants, Airbnb also reveals the top 10 guest origin countries visiting Ireland to celebrate St. Patrick's Day, with Americans coming out top, followed by the British, French and German guests.Top 10 nationalities visiting Ireland around St. Patrick's week this year2:United StatesUnited KingdomFranceGermanyCanadaItalySpainSwitzerlandAustraliaBrazilHosting on Airbnb during events, both local and international, can create incredible earning opportunities for Hosts. In 2022, Irish Hosts collectively earned over EUR3.2 million during the St. Patrick's celebrations, with the typical Host earning just over EUR400 for the week3. This comes at a time of rising living costs, with the additional earnings helping many stay afloat during these tough economic times.For those interested in sharing their home with guests this St. Patrick's Day, Airbnb has made it easier than ever to get started. As part of the 2022 Winter Release, Airbnb introduced Airbnb Setup - an all-new, super easy way to list your home, including free one-to-one guidance from a Superhost and for your first booking, you can choose to welcome an experienced guest who has at least three stays and a good track record on Airbnb. We've also expanded AirCover, now featuring even more top-to-bottom protection, with guest identity verification, reservation screening, and $3 million damage protection, including coverage for cars, boats, art and valuables.Anyone can visit airbnb.com/host to learn including how much you could potentially earn.For something a little more unique, Ted Lasso's favorite pub is now available for an overnight stay. Guests can channel their inner Greyhound in the heart of Richmond while enjoying pub fare and learning to BELIEVE at the beloved local haunt. Ted Lasso fans can request to book this stay beginning Tuesday, March 21 at 1:00 PM EST at airbnb.com/tedlasso.All homes in this press release are intended purely to inspire and illustrate. Airbnb does not recommend or endorse these listings or any other homes on the platform.(1) Based on the most wishlisted homes globally with the word 'pub' in the title (Q4, 2022)(2) Based on the origin of guests for Ireland during five days around St. Patrick's week (16-20 March, 2023) NB from Q1'22-Q4'22(3) Based on Total and Typical Host earnings in Ireland during St. Patrick's week (16-20 March, 2022)(4) Based on the typical median amount of earnings for new Irish Hosts in Q1-Q3 2022 (started hosting sometime between January-September 2022)About AirbnbAirbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals across over 220 countries and regions. Travel on Airbnb keeps more of the financial benefits of tourism with the people and places that make it happen. Airbnb has generated billions of dollars in earnings for Hosts, most of whom are individuals listing the homes in which they live. Among Hosts who report their gender, more than half are women, and one in five employed Hosts are either teachers or healthcare workers. Travel on Airbnb also has generated more than $4 billion in tax revenue around the world. Airbnb has helped advance more than 1,000 regulatory frameworks for short-term rentals, including in 80% of our top 200 geographies. In late 2020, to support our continued expansion and diversification, we launched the City Portal to provide governments with a one-stop shop that supports data sharing and compliance with local registration rules. We continue to invest in innovations and tools to support our ongoing work with governments around the world to advance travel that best serves communities.About Airbnb.orgAirbnb.org is a nonprofit organization dedicated to facilitating temporary stays for people in times of crisis around the world. Airbnb.org operates independently and leverages Airbnb, Inc.'s technology, services, and other resources at no charge to carry out Airbnb.org's charitable purpose. The inspiration for Airbnb.org began in 2012 with a single host named Shell who opened up her home to people impacted by Hurricane Sandy. This sparked a movement and marked the beginning of a program that allows Hosts on Airbnb to provide stays for people in times of need. Since then, the program has evolved to focus on emergency response and to help provide stays to evacuees, relief workers, refugees, asylum seekers, and frontline workers fighting the spread of COVID-19. Since then, Hosts have offered to open up their homes and helped provide accommodations to 100,000 people in times of need. Airbnb.org is a separate and independent entity from Airbnb, Inc. Airbnb, Inc. does not charge service fees for Airbnb.org supported stays on its platform.(C) 2023 Electronic News Publishing, source ENP Newswire