
 
 
Corporate results:

BE Semiconductor: the group expects a change between 0 and -10% of its activity in fiscal Q1.
Fresenius: 2023 results are expected to decline.
Iberdrola: expects net profit to rise 8-10% in 2023, before Spanish windfall tax.
Lloyds: profit for 2022 declined.
Rio Tinto: 2022 profit fell 38% and is below expectations. Dividend reduced to USD 4.92 per share.
Siegfried: closes 2022 on higher earnings but below AWP forecasts.
UCB: results are down in 2022. Revenue is expected to decline again this year, with an expected Ebitda margin of 22.5-23.5%.
Palo Alto raised its full-year profit forecast as demand for cybersecurity products remains strong.

 
In other news:

Fresenius will give up control of Fresenius Medical Care, changing its legal form from a limited partnership (KGaA) to a joint stock company.
Brookfield consortium reduces its offer for Origin Energy to AUD 8.90 per share.
Tesla will move some EV battery production from Germany to the U.S., taking advantage of benefits offered by Washington.
Chesapeake will sell its shale oil assets to chemical maker Ineos for $1.4 billion, according to the Wall Street Journal.
Shell is exploring options for its European retail gas and power unit, Bloomberg reported.
BYD is launching in Germany.
Givaudan is buying a cosmetic ingredients portfolio from Amyris.
AMC shareholders is suing the company for voting to issue new shares.
Steven F. Mayer resigned as executive chairman of Spanish pharmaceutical company Grifols, citing health and other personal reasons.
KKR extended its non-binding offer for Telecom Italia's fixed-line network by four weeks to March 24, following a government request.
Philips will not pay bonuses to its executives for 2022, after a poor year.
Baidu jumped 7.8% in pre-market trading on Wall Street after the Chinese internet search engine reported better-than-expected fourth-quarter revenue and announced a share buyback plan of up to $5 billion.
Coinbase Global fell 1% in pre-market trading as the cryptocurrency exchange platform reported a fourth-quarter net loss of $557 million on Tuesday, compared with a profit of $840 million a year earlier.

Top earnings reports today: Nvidia, Rio Tinto, Iberdrola, Pioneer Natural Resources, Stellantis, Baidu, Lloyds, Danone, Genmab, eBay, Aena, Wolters Kluwer... All the agenda is here. 
