




ASML ANNUAL REPORT 2022
          



            STRATEGIC REPORT
          



            GOVERNANCE
          



            FINANCIALS
          



            2
          




          Smaller size, bigger capability is a well-established trend in the chip industry.
        

          And thanks to the joint efforts of our 39,000 people working together with suppliers,
        

          customers and innovation partners, we are taking that ever further.
        

          Every day we push the boundaries of physics and shrink patterns to help shape the
        

          future of life, work and play across the planet. Strongly embedded in a global
        

          innovation ecosystem, we enable ground-breaking technology that can help humanity manage challenges and seize opportunities by facilitating smart living and mobility, accessible healthcare, food security and the transition to renewable energy.
        

          Creating small patterns that enable a big impact.
        




                Tackling
              



                Global
              



                Food
              



                Energy
              



                Smart
              



                Virtual and
              



                Wearable
              





                augmented
              





                pollution
              



                well-being
              



                security
              



                transition
              



                mobility
              



                technology
              





                reality
              























                See page 8 >
              



                See page 22 >
              



                See page 30 >
              



                See page 40 >
              



                See page 51 >
              



                See page 69 >
              



                See page 149 >
              












ASML ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                



                  CONTENTS
                






            STRATEGIC REPORT
          



            GOVERNANCE
          



            FINANCIALS
          



            3
          





            Contents
          

            Message from the CEO on page 5 >
          

            Q&A with the CTO on page 20 >
          

            Q&A with the CFO on page 41 >
          



            STRATEGIC REPORT
          




                  4
                



                  Forward-looking statements
                





                  Environmental
                





                  5
                



                  Message from the CEO
                



                  76
                



                  Energy efficiency and climate action
                





                  9
                



                  Our company
                



                  85
                



                  Circular economy
                





                  20
                



                  Q&A with the CTO
                





                  Social
                





                  23
                



                  Marketplace
                



                  97
                



                  Attractive workplace for all
                





                  31
                



                  Our business and ESG strategy
                



                  109
                



                  Our supply chain
                





                  33
                



                  Our business model
                



                  118
                



                  Innovation ecosystem
                





                  41
                



                  Q&A with the CFO
                



                  124
                



                  Valued partner in our communities
                







                  Financial performance
                





                  Governance
                





                  44
                



                  Performance KPIs
                



                  134
                



                  Managing ESG Sustainability
                





                  49
                



                  Long-term growth opportunities
                



                  135
                



                  Responsible business
                







                  Risk
                



                  147
                



                  Our approach to tax
                




52 How we manage risk
          




                  56
                



                  Risk factors
                





                  Our stories
                







                  Environmental, Social and
                



                  8
                



                  Tackling pollution
                







                  Governance
                



                  22
                



                  Global well-being
                





                  70
                



                  ESG at a glance
                



                  30
                



                  Food security
                





                  71
                



                  Our material ESG sustainability topics
                



                  40
                



                  Energy transition
                









                  51
                



                  Smart mobility
                









                  69
                



                  Virtual and augmented reality
                









                  149
                



                  Wearable technology
                
















            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
          

            Corporate Governance
          


Board of Management




Supervisory Board




Other Board-related matters
            



AGM and share capital




Financial reporting and audit




Compliance with Corporate Governance requirements
              Supervisory Board report
            

Message from the Chair of the Supervisory Board




Supervisory Board focus in 2022




Meetings and attendance




Supervisory Board committees




Financial Statements and Profit Allocation
              Remuneration Report
            

Message from the Chair of the Remuneration Committee




Remuneration at a glance




Remuneration Committee




Board of Management remuneration




Supervisory Board remuneration





            FINANCIALS & NON FINANCIALS
          

            Consolidated Financial Statements
          

214 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
          


Consolidated Statements of Operations


Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income


Consolidated Balance Sheets


Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity




Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



            Non-financial statements
          

264 Assurance Report of the Independent Auditor
          


About the non-financial information
            



Non-financialindicators
            



Other appendices



309 Definitions
          

317 Exhibit index
          





View our Highlights online >




            A definition or explanation of abbreviations, technical terms and other terms used throughout this Annual Report can be found in the chapter Definitions. In some cases, numbers have been rounded for readers' convenience.
          

            This report comprises regulated information within the meaning of articles 1:1 and 5:25c of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act (Wet op het Financieel Toezicht).
          



            In this report the name 'ASML' is sometimes used for convenience in contexts where reference is made to ASML Holding N.V. and/or any of its subsidiaries, as the context may require.
          

            References to our website and/or video presentations in this Annual Report are for reference only and none nor any portion thereof are incorporated by reference in this report.
          

            © 2023, ASML Holding N.V. All Rights Reserved.
          










ASML ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                



                  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
                






            STRATEGIC REPORT
          



            GOVERNANCE
          



            FINANCIALS
          



            4
          




          Special note regarding forward-looking statements
        




            This Annual Report contains statements relating to our expected business, results projections, business trends and other matters that are "forward-looking" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can generally identify these statements by the use of words like "may", "will", "could", "should", "project", "believe", "anticipate", "expect", "plan", "estimate", "forecast", "potential", "intend", "continue" and variations of these words or comparable words. They appear in a number of places throughout this Annual Report and include statements with respect to our expected trends and outlook, strategies, corporate priorities and goals, expected semiconductor industry trends, expected trends in markets served by our customers, including expected growth in semiconductor demand, manufacturing
          



            capacity, expected semiconductor market trends and market growth and drivers of such trends and growth, expected financial results, including expected sales, service revenue, gross margin, expected capital expenditures, R&D and SG&A expenses, effective annualized tax rate, annual revenue growth rate and outlook for 2023 and other statements under "Trend Information", annual sales and gross margin opportunity and potential and growth outlook and for 2025 and 2030, sales model for 2025 and other statements under the section entitled "Long-term growth opportunities", statements under the section entitled "Risk factors", expected trends in customer demand and demand for semiconductors including expected trends in end markets, including Memory and Logic, expected development of High-NA and expected timing to start shipment of High-NA systems
          



            and high-volume production of High-NA systems, for semiconductor industry market opportunities, expected EUV and DUV and installed based management sales and the expectation about continuing role of DUV systems, EUV product roadmap, our supply chain strategies and goals, customer, partner and industry roadmaps, expected productivity and benefits of our tools, potential future innovations and system performance, expected shipments of our tools, including demand for and timing of shipments, statements with respect to DUV and EUV competitiveness, the development of EUV technology, revenue recognition, expected demand for wafers, expected impact of inflation, ESG strategy including our sustainability targets, goals and strategies, environmental, diversity and sustainability strategy, ambitions, goals and
          



            targets, including circular procurement goals, targeted greenhouse gas emissions and waste reduction, recycling and refurbishment initiatives, investments and goals and energy-saving strategies and targets, including statements on targeting zero carbon emissions and indirect emissions from energy use across operations and reducing intensity of all other emissions in the value chain and the goals for timing thereof, statements with respect to Moore's Law, cash return and dividend policy, our expectation to continue to return cash to our shareholders through share buybacks and dividends including our proposed dividend for 2022 and statements relating to our share buyback program, statements with respect to the expected impact of accounting standards and other non-historical statements. These forward-looking
          



            statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections about business and future financial results and readers should not place undue reliance on them. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance, and actual results may differ materially from projected results as a result of certain risks, and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, those described under How we manage risk - Risk factors. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this Annual Report. We do not undertake to update or revise the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
          










ASML ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                



                  MESSAGE FROM THE CEO
                






            STRATEGIC REPORT
          



            GOVERNANCE
          



            FINANCIALS
          



            5
          




          Record performance in a challenging year
        

          With record net bookings for 2022, an innovation pipeline filled with new products and services and our talented, energized and engaged people, we face the future with great confidence.
        




            Dear Stakeholder,
          

            The figures speak for themselves: record sales of €21.2 billion, up by 13.8% compared with 2021, a gross margin of 50.5% and a dividend per share of €5.80 add up to another outstanding year for ASML. Our net bookings stand at an unparalleled €30.7 billion for the year 2022, our pipeline is flowing freely, with a number of new products launched, set to launch or in development, and our people are talented, energized and engaged. Not surprisingly, we are looking forward to a very bright future with strong growth. I would like to thank all our stakeholders for their support during the year - and in particular I wish to pay tribute to our people, who have again displayed outstanding commitment and expertise, and without whom none of our achievements would have been possible.
          

            Yet despite the positive numbers, the reality is that 2022 could actually have been even better. Our ability to meet customer demand continued to be impacted by a set of circumstances that were not fully in our control. The aftermath of COVID-19, the ongoing war in Ukraine and struggles among
          



            Ultimately, we have seen the global chip shortage that first appeared in 2020 continue through 2022. We have all encountered this in one way or another in our personal lives, whether through delays in taking ownership of a new vehicle or reduced availability of technology such as solar panels.
          

            Delivering on our business strategy…
          

            Although we have at times struggled operationally, from a strategic standpoint we have continued to deliver. Our comprehensive product portfolio is aligned to our customers' roadmaps, delivering cost- effective solutions in support of all applications, from leading-edge to mature nodes. Among many highlights of the year, we shipped the first TWINSCAN NXT:2100i, received new orders for the TWINSCAN EXE:5200 and saw several customers adopt Alignment Optimization 12 Color.
          



            While we had more unhappy customers than I would have liked, we have also experienced empathy and support. We have always kept customers fully informed of any delays to shipments, and they can see for themselves how our investments are set to increase capacity. Cranes stand across the skylines of our sites as our investment to increase our manufacturing capacity to 90 EUV 0.33 NA and 600 DUV systems by 2025-2026 begins to take shape, while we are also ramping our EUV 0.55 NA (High-NA) capacity to 20 systems by 2027-2028. And key partners such as Carl Zeiss are also busy adding capacity, doing everything they can to free the logjam in the supply chain.
          





            some of our supply chain partners to deliver according to our agreed plans due to material shortages have combined to cause significant turbulence and meant that we were unable to give our customers what they needed all of the time.
          



            Our investments are set to increase capacity."
          

            Peter Wennink
          

            President, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Management
          



Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
ASML Holding NV published this content on 15 February 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 15 February 2023 08:34:03 UTC.
      

