(Adds third source in lede and Seoul dateline)WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO/SEOUL, March 15 (Reuters) - A
chip plant that South Korea's Samsung Electronics Co Ltd
is building in Taylor, Texas, will cost the world's
biggest memory chipmaker over $25 billion, up more than $8
billion from initial forecasts, according to three people
familiar with the matter.The increase in cost is primarily due to inflation, the
people said, declining to be named because the information was
not public.
"The higher construction cost is about 80% of the cost
increase," one of the sources said. "The materials have gotten
more expensive," the source added.A second source said "the newly estimated cost could go up
even more if the construction of the Taylor plant gets delayed,"
adding that the estimate could be fluid. "The later the plant is
completed, the higher cost we would be looking at."Samsung did not immediately respond to a request for
comment.Chipmakers are applying for billions in grants from the
Biden administration thanks to the CHIPS Act, aimed at ramping
up chip production in the United States. But increasing costs
raise questions about how far those dollars will go. The bill
was proposed in 2020, before a historic run-up in inflation that
U.S. officials are still working to tame.U.S. Commerce Department officials said early this month
that most government grants will only cover up to 15% of the
cost of new plants. Meanwhile, in the three years since
lawmakers first floated the $52 billion figure for CHIPS Act
grants, of which only $39 billion is now earmarked for direct
investment in plant construction, the cost of labor has risen
sharply, along with the price of construction materials like
steel.That could push up the cost of what are already huge
spending plans. Last year, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co
, the world's largest contract chip manufacturer,
announced it was more than tripling a planned investment in a
new plant in Arizona to $40 billion.Meanwhile, Intel Corp announced a $20 billion chip
factory in Ohio that it could expand to cost up to $100 billion.
Also last year, chipmaker Micron Technology said it
planned to invest up to $100 billion over the next 20-plus years
to build a computer chip factory complex in upstate New York.Samsung, the world's No.2 contract chip manufacturer,
announced its Taylor, Texas, plant in 2021. It aims to make
advanced chips for functions such as artificial intelligence, 5G
and mobile phones, and promises to create 2,000 high-tech jobs.
Unlike some of its rivals, Samsung has already broken ground.One of the sources told Reuters the company is rushing to
finish the plant by 2024 so that it is producing chips by 2025,
which would put the company ahead of a 2026 deadline to secure
investment tax credits on tools for the factory.Two of the sources said Samsung had already spent as much as
half of the $17 billion initially projected for the Taylor site
and noted that the company might eventually opt to build
additional factories.(Reporting by Alexandra Alper and Stephen Nellis; additional
reporting by Heekyong Yang and Joyce Lee in Seoul; Editing by
Lisa Shumaker and Christopher Cushing)