


Warner Bros. Television Group and Greg Berlanti announced today that the prolific Emmy®, Writers Guild, Producers Guild, and Directors Guild Award-nominated writer/producer/director has signed a new overall deal with the Studio. The exclusive multiyear agreement ensures that Berlanti Productions will remain based at Warner Bros. for its television operations into the year 2027. Financial terms were not disclosed, per company practice.
      



        Under the terms of the deal, Berlanti Productions will continue to develop new television programming to be produced by divisions of the Warner Bros. Television Group for all platforms, including Warner Bros. Discovery's HBO Max, external streaming services, cable, and the broadcast networks.
      



        The new pact continues a highly successful relationship between Berlanti Productions and WBTVG that dates back, over two stints, to 2001 and has been renewed multiple times. Greg Berlanti has produced or created more than 40 shows in the last 20 years, with more than 1,300 hours of television under his belt. During the 2019-20 season, he had 20 shows on the air or in production at once, taking over five nights of the week over six different networks and streamers. His company, Berlanti Productions, currently has upwards of 15 shows on the air or shooting.
      



David Zaslav, Chief Executive Officer of Warner Bros. Discovery, said: "Greg is a huge talent, and the impact of his prolific and powerful storytelling on Warner Bros. and audiences, and on our culture, is just 'wow.' He began his career with us, and we are incredibly fortunate that he will continue to build and grow our TV studio into the future."
      



Warner Bros. Television Group Chairman and CEO Channing Dungey said: "We're beyond thrilled to continue our partnership with one of the most accomplished, celebrated, and compelling storytellers in the industry. Greg is a visionary, a pioneer, and a leader, but more than that, he's a treasured member of the Warner Bros. family. Collaborating with Greg is a tremendous privilege, and we can't wait to see what stories he and his team will bring to life in the coming years."
      



Greg Berlanti said, "Every day I wake up grateful I get to get tell stories for a living with so many talented people that I love. With this deal, I'll be lucky enough to be going into my third decade of making TV and calling Warner Bros. my home. The TV business has changed and Warner Bros. has changed, too, but I'm as grateful as ever to be making television and working with a passionate, brilliant, and kind leader like Channing Dungey and alongside a wise and tremendous old friend like Brett Paul. In my time getting to know David Zaslav, he is the most rare of Hollywood leaders: honest, loyal, and visionary about the kind of thriving Warner Bros. he wants to build for the future, where storytellers like myself can have a home to tell stories that excite and move audiences all over the world, for years to come."
      



        Berlanti Productions' The Flight Attendant has received a dozen Emmy nominations. Berlanti also co-created the incredibly successful series You, with season three staying at Netflix's number one spot for three consecutive weeks. Numerous Berlanti Productions series such as All American and All American: Homecoming have held spots on Netflix's top 10 list for over 15 weeks.
      



        Berlanti was behind DC's successful live-action shared television universe in the last decade, starring key comic book characters like The Flash, Superman, Green Arrow, Supergirl, and Batwoman on The CW. This successful 38-season (and counting) run across the shows broke numerous ratings records for the network. In addition, Berlanti started a second DC universe with critically acclaimed hits Titans, Doom Patrol, and DC's Stargirl, and is set to launch the upcoming new series Dead Boy Detectives for HBO Max this year.
      



        Throughout his career, Berlanti has been a prominent leader and voice for inclusion in the entertainment industry, both on screen and off camera. In 2022, he received the Norman Lear Achievement from the Producers Guild of America for his career accomplishments and impact on the art and craft of television. Berlanti also received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame last year.
      



        For Berlanti Productions, Sarah Schechter continues to serve as Partner and Chairwoman of the company alongside Greg, as well as for Berlanti/Schechter Films.
      



        Additionally, Leigh London Redman serves as President of Berlanti Productions, overseeing television.
      



        Berlanti is represented by CAA and attorney Patti Felker.
      


      To download photo, PLEASE CLICK HERE


      #  #  #
    

      Contacts:
    

      Rebecca Marks, rebecca.marks@warnerbros.com
    

      Robert Pietranton, robert.pietranton@warnerbros.com
    
Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
Warner Bros Discovery Inc. published this content on 09 January 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 09 January 2023 20:33:06 UTC.
      

