*Shares on Wall Street, Europe slip*Yen skids as market eyes possible BOJ governor*Investors ponder U.S. rates with host of Fed speakers dueWASHINGTON, Feb 6 (Reuters) - Global equity markets slid
and the dollar firmed on Monday after data showing a resilient
U.S. jobs market suggested interest rates will stay higher for
longer as central banks face a tough battle to slow inflation
amid relatively strong economic growth.The blockbuster U.S. jobs report last Friday sent investors
scurrying to load up on dollars to the detriment of emerging
market assets and lower-yielding currencies like the yen.Government bonds, which usually perform well when there is a
dash for safe havens, have come under intense pressure, sending
the benchmark 10-year Treasury yield to a one-month
high of 3.64%. The yield on Germany's 10-year bond,
the euro zone benchmark, hit 2.297%.U.S.-listed shares of China firms fell as Sino-U.S.
relations soured over a suspected Chinese spy balloon the U.S.
military shot down over the Atlantic. Heavyweights Alibaba Group
Holding, JD.com Inc and Pinduoduo Inc
fell between 2.4% and 4.7%.Turkey's lira hit fresh record lows after a
powerful earthquake struck Turkey and Syria, killing more than
2,200 people. The currency sank after data last week showed a
worrisome increase in monthly consumer inflation.The big driver of market sentiment was the U.S. labor market
report showing 517,000 jobs were created in January, with the
unemployment rate falling to 3.4%, a low last seen in 1969.This year's rally in equities has been driven by hopes of a
soft landing and lower inflation, said Antho Saglimbene, chief
market strategist at Ameriprise Financial in Troy, Michigan."Investors are going to have to come to grips with the fact
that rates are going to stay higher for longer and it's still
unlikely the Fed is going to cut rates this year," Saglimbene
said, as the strong labor market gives support to inflation ."Without people fearing that they're going to lose their
job, they don't really spend less. They don't change their
behaviors enough to start bringing down inflation," he said.MSCI's gauge of stock performance in 47 countries
slid 1.09%, while the broad pan-European STOXX
600 index lost 0.95%.On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell
0.3%, the S&P 500 lost 0.53% and the Nasdaq Composite
dropped 0.65%.The dollar had touched a three-week high of 132.60 against
the lower-yielding yen following reports the Japanese
government had offered the job of central bank governor to
current deputy Masayoshi Amamiya, viewed as less of a monetary
policy hawk than his predecessor.The dollar rose more than 1.2% to an almost one-month high
of 132.85 yen. The euro was down 0.57% to $1.0731.BALLOONING DRAMAThe drama over the balloon, which Beijing reiterated was a
civilian airship that accidentally strayed into U.S. airspace,
further strained already-tense relations.Chinese equities fell on Monday, while the offshore yuan
touched a one-month low against the dollar. It has fallen
by almost 2% in the space of three days."Undoubtedly, the incident is a negative headline for the
market," said Yuan Yuwei, hedge fund manager at Water Wisdom
Asset Management.The dollar's strength also washed through emerging markets.The lira  bore much of the brunt of the
risk-off mood, falling to a record low of 18.85 to the dollar,
while the Thai baht posted its biggest one-day fall
against the U.S. currency in over 20 years.The earthquake is source of additional uncertainty ahead of
elections in Turkey that most likely will be held in May, said
Piotr Matys, senior FX analyst at In Touch Capital Markets."More importantly, the U.S. payrolls published last Friday
indicated that the Fed is likely to remain in a tightening mode
for longer then the markets currently anticipate at a time when
President Erdogan strongly indicated he expects the Turkish
central bank to cut interest rates," Matys said.CENTRAL BANKER DELUGEA host of Fed officials are set to speak this week, led by
Chair Jerome Powell on Tuesday, and the tone could be hawkish.
European Central Bank and Bank of England policymakers will also
be making appearances.Futures are almost fully priced for a quarter point
U.S. rate rise in March, and likely another in May, leaving the
peak now at 5.11% in June from less than 4.9% before the jobs
data.Oil prices edged lower after rising more than $1 as a
stronger dollar and fears that slower growth in major economies
could curb demand outweighed supply concerns.U.S. crude fell 1.14% to $72.55 per barrel and Brent
was at $79.36, down 0.73% on the day.
(Reporting by Herbert Lash, Additional reporting by Bansari
Mayur in Bangalore, Karin Stohecker in London and Wayne Cole in
Sydney; Editing by Shri Navaratnam, John Stonestreet, Chizu
Nomiyama and Andrea Ricci)