(Adds U.S. market close)*Wall St closes lower as investors await Fed's next steps*Dollar rebounds after strong U.S. data*Yields hit four-week highs, Fed expected to hike above 5%*Oil rises 1% in choppy trade on China demand hopesNEW YORK/LONDON, Feb 6 (Reuters) - Global equity markets
fell and the dollar firmed on Monday after data showing a
resilient U.S. jobs market suggested interest rates will stay
higher for longer as central banks fight to slow inflation amid
relatively strong economic growth.Investors snapped up dollars to the detriment of emerging
market assets and lower-yielding currencies like the yen after
last Friday's blockbuster U.S. jobs report for January and a
strong rebound in the services sector.Government bonds, which typically perform well when there is
a dash for safe havens, sold off under intense pressure. The
benchmark 10-year Treasury yield climbed to a
one-month high of 3.655%, while the yield on Germany's 10-year
bond, the euro zone benchmark, hit 2.306%.Investors have been caught between a Federal Reserve that
sees interest rates rising and staying above 5% into next year,
and a market that had priced in rate cuts by the U.S central
bank later this year on expectations of a cooling economy."The market is unbelievably willing to look through 2023,
and that's the wild card here," said Brad Conger, deputy chief
investment officer at Hirtle Callaghan & Co. in West
Conshohocken, Pennsylvania."The market is expecting a slowdown, earnings are coming
down, but the market is looking out to an up year in 2024," he
said. "This is not an economy is that is going to implode right
away."The Fed may need to lift borrowing costs higher than
previously anticipated given the unexpectedly strong reading on
jobs gains in January, Atlanta Federal Reserve Bank President
Raphael Bostic told Bloomberg News on Monday.Futures now price in the Fed's target rate to peak at above
5.1% in June or July, as Fed officials had previously predicted,
and then to decline to 4.83% in December, more than 30 basis
points higher than befre last week's strong data.MSCI's gauge of equity performance in 47 countries
closed down 1.12%, while the pan-European STOXX
600 index fell 0.78%.U.S.-listed shares of China firms fell as Sino-U.S.
relations soured over a suspected Chinese spy balloon the U.S.
military shot down over the Atlantic. Heavyweights Alibaba Group
Holding, JD.com Inc and Pinduoduo Inc
fell between 0.8% and 1.9%.Turkey's lira hit fresh record lows after a
powerful earthquake struck Turkey and Syria, killing more than
3,000 people. The currency sank after data last week showed a
worrisome increase in monthly consumer inflation.This year's rally in equities has been driven by hopes of a
soft landing and lower inflation, but a strong labor market
casts that outlook in doubt, said Anthony Saglimbene, chief
market strategist at Ameriprise Financial in Troy, Michigan."Investors are going to have to come to grips with the fact
that rates are going to stay higher for longer and it's still
unlikely the Fed is going to cut rates this year," he said."Without people fearing that they're going to lose their
job, they don't really spend less. They don't change their
behaviors enough to start bringing down inflation."On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell
0.1%, the S&P 500 lost 0.61% and the Nasdaq Composite
dropped 1%.The dollar had touched a three-week high of 132.90 against
the lower-yielding yen following reports the Japanese
government had offered the job of central bank governor to
current deputy Masayoshi Amamiya, viewed as less of a monetary
policy hawk than his predecessor.The dollar rose to an almost one-month high of 132.85 yen
while the euro fell 0.64% to $1.0726.The drama over the balloon, which Beijing has said was a
civilian airship that accidentally strayed into U.S. airspace,
further strained already-tense relations.Chinese equities fell on Monday, while the offshore yuan
touched a one-month low against the dollar. It has fallen
by almost 2% in the space of three days."Undoubtedly, the incident is a negative headline for the
market," said Yuan Yuwei, hedge fund manager at Water Wisdom
Asset Management.The dollar's strength also washed through emerging markets.The Turkish lira bore much of the brunt of the
risk-off mood, falling to a record low of 18.85 to the dollar,
while the Thai baht posted its biggest one-day fall
against the U.S. currency in over 20 years.The earthquake adds further uncertainty ahead of elections
in Turkey that most likely will be held in May, said Piotr
Matys, senior FX analyst at In Touch Capital Markets."The Fed is likely to remain in a tightening mode for longer
than the markets currently anticipate at a time when President
Erdogan strongly indicated he expects the Turkish central bank
to cut interest rates," Matys said.A host of Fed officials are set to speak this week,
including Chair Jerome Powell on Tuesday, and the tone as
suggested by Bostic could be hawkish. European Central Bank and
Bank of England policymakers will also be making appearances.Oil prices edged higher in choppy trading as markets weighed
a return in demand from China against supply concerns and fears
of slower growth in major economies curbing consumption.U.S. crude futures settled up 72 cents at $74.11 a
barrel while Brent rose $1.05 to settle at $80.99.Gold edged higher, with investors banking on the precious
metal's safe-haven appeal as concerns about an economic slowdown
linger.U.S. gold futures settled 0.2% higher at $1,879.50.
(Editing by Deepa Babington)