(For a Reuters live blog on U.S., UK and European stock
markets, click or type LIVE/ in a news window.)*Tyson Foods slides on missing Q1 sales expectations*Newmont drops on bid for Newcrest*Chinese stocks fall on geopolitical jitters*Futures off: Nasdaq 1.06%, S&P 0.80%, Dow 0.56%,Feb 6 (Reuters) - U.S. stock indexes were set for a
lower open on Monday with Tyson Foods falling on disappointing
quarterly results, while investors re-assessed their predictions
on when the U.S. Federal Reserve would start cutting rates.Wall Street's main indexes slumped on Friday after thenon-farm payrollsreport showed the U.S. economy added jobs at a rapid pace."Markets are looking ahead to a slower start... today is
a bit of a rethink on when the Fed might have to cut rates,"
Arthur R Hogan, chief market strategist at B. Riley Financial
said."The consensus had been firmly in the camp of the fourth
quarter of this year, but with the red hot jobs number that came
out on Friday there is a bit of a second guessing of that
notion."Traders will scrutinize speeches by a host of Fed
officials this week, including Chair Jerome Powell, for any
change in the central bank's dovish rhetoric after data on
Friday also showedservices activitywere strong in January.The yield on the 10-year U.S. Treasury note
extended gains to more than a month's high.Money market participants now expect the Fed's terminal
rate to settle above 5% by May followed by rate cuts in
September.After being bruised in 2022, U.S. equities have
recovered strongly in 2023, led by megacap growth stocks amid
hopes that the Fed will temper its aggressive rate hikes, which
in turn could alleviate some pressure on equity valuations.Tyson Foods Inc  slipped 4.7% in premarket trading
on missing Street estimates for quarterly revenue, pinched by
falling beef prices and lower volumes in its pork segment.Halfway through the earnings of the S&P 500 companies, 69.6%
had reported results above expectations as of Friday, according
to Refinitiv. Overall, analysts still expect quarterly earnings
of S&P 500 firms declining 2.7%.At 8:48 a.m. ET, Dow e-minis were down 190 points,
or 0.56%, S&P 500 e-minis were down 33 points, or 0.8%,
and Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 134.25 points, or
1.06%.Top gold producerNewmont Corpslid 6.1% on its $16.9 billion offer for Australian
peer Newcrest Mining Ltd to build a global gold
behemoth.U.S.-listedChinese stockslike Pinduoduo Inc and Baidu Inc slid 3.5%
and 1.1%, respectively, on geopolitical concerns after the U.S.
military shot what it believes was a Chinese spy balloon.Tesla Incbucked the overall trend with a 2.3% gain  after a
U.S. jury cleared Chief Executive Elon Musk and his company from
charges of misleading investors with his 2018 tweets about
taking Tesla private.On the data front, investors will monitor jobless claims for
the week ended Feb. 4 and University of Michigan's consumer
sentiment survey to assess the strength of the U.S. economy.
(Reporting by Shubham Batra and Johann M Cherian in Bengaluru;
Editing by Shounak Dasgupta and Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)