
Motive™ Studio, a studio of Electronic Arts Inc. (NASDAQ: EA), announced today that Dead Space™, the ground-up remake of the sci-fi survival horror classic, is now available on PlayStation®5, Xbox Series X|S and PC. Since its initial reveal in 2021, Dead Space has been a staple fixture on “Most Anticipated” lists from prominent media publications around the world. Now that the game is out, press are highly praising the game with outlets including IGN and Inverse calling it "...undoubtedly the definitive way to experience – or re-experience – one of the best survival horror shooters..." and "...one of the best games of all time” in their respective 9/10 and 10/10 reviews.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230127005064/en/Dead Space™, the ground-up remake of the sci-fi survival horror classic, is now available on PlayStation®5, Xbox Series X|S and PC. (Graphic: Business Wire)
Dead Space puts players in the boots of Isaac Clarke, an everyman engineer on a routine mission to fix the USG Ishimura, a gigantic mining starship. But aboard the Ishimura, a living nightmare awaits. The ship’s crew has been slaughtered and Isaac’s girlfriend, Nicole, is missing somewhere on board. Alone and trapped with only his engineering tools and skills, Isaac faces a battle for survival — not only against terrifying monsters called Necromorphs, but his own crumbling sanity.

“When Dead Space launched in 2008, it immediately became a survival horror classic with its iconic sci-fi atmosphere and environmental narrative,” said Phillippe Ducharme, Senior Producer of Dead Space. “Our most important goal in remaking the game almost 15 years later is honoring the legacy of the original, while enhancing it with the power of today’s hardware. ​​If this is your first time stepping into Isaac’s suit, we hope it creates the same, lasting impression that it did for us when we played it in 2008. ​​If you are a returning player, our wish is to have delivered a game that lives up to your fondest memories, and that you’ll love picking up that Plasma Cutter once again.”

Dead Space was rebuilt from the ground up leveraging the Frostbite™ game engine. Remaining faithful to the original game’s thrilling vision, the remake offers enhanced audio and crisp, harrowing visuals that have been carefully reimagined to evoke a new level of immersion and quality. Additionally, Dead Space features key gameplay improvements including:

Will Isaac live to unravel the dreadful mystery of what happened to the slaughtered crew and ship, or be forever lost to the cold vacuum of space? Players can find out now on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X|S for $69.99 as well as PC for $59.99. Dead Space will also be available to purchase in Deluxe and Collector’s Edition for various extras.

Further, EA Play Pro* members get more in-game content with the Dead Space EA Play Pro Edition** - including a member-only Anodized Suit Texture, as well as the three Unique Suits and two Suit Textures in the Digital Deluxe Edition. Visit the EA Play website for more details on EA Play memberships.

For additional information and to stay up to date on the remake, visit the official website, like Dead Space on Facebook and Instagram, follow the franchise on Twitter and subscribe to its YouTube channel.

*Conditions, limitations and exclusions apply. See EA Play Terms for details.

**Conditions & restrictions apply. See https://www.ea.com/games/dead-space/dead-space/game-and-offer-disclaimers for details.

PRESS ASSETS ARE AVAILABLE AT EAPressPortal.com

About Electronic Arts

Electronic Arts (NASDAQ: EA) is a global leader in digital interactive entertainment. The Company develops and delivers games, content and online services for Internet-connected consoles, mobile devices and personal computers.

In fiscal year 2022, EA posted GAAP net revenue of approximately $7 billion. Headquartered in Redwood City, California, EA is recognized for a portfolio of critically acclaimed, high-quality brands such as EA SPORTS™ FIFA, Battlefield™, Apex Legends™, The Sims™, Madden NFL, Need for Speed™, Titanfall™, Plants vs. Zombies™ and F1®. More information about EA is available at www.ea.com/news.

EA SPORTS, Battlefield, Need for Speed, Apex Legends, The Sims, Titanfall and Plants vs. Zombies are trademarks of Electronic Arts Inc. STAR WARS © & TM 2015 Lucasfilm Ltd. All rights reserved. John Madden, NFL, FIFA and F1 are the property of their respective owners and used with permission.

Category: EA Studios
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230127005064/en/