Keith Lee, chief executive officer, chief investment officer, and senior portfolio manager at Brown Capital Management; Byron Marchant, partner at Caldwell Partners International; Rachel Garbow Monroe, president and CEO of The Harry and Jeanette Weinberg Foundation; and Tim Regan, president and CEO of Whiting-Turner Contracting Company bring diverse skills and backgrounds to help guide BGE.BALTIMORE - BGE announced the appointment of four members to its board of directors: Keith Lee, chief executive officer, chief Investment officer, and senior portfolio manager at Brown Capital Management; Byron Marchant, partner at Caldwell Partners International; Rachel Garbow Monroe, president and CEO of The Harry and Jeanette Weinberg Foundation; and Tim Regan, president and CEO of Whiting-Turner Contracting Company."We're fortunate to have these four accomplished individuals joining BGE's board of directors," said Calvin Butler, Chairman of the Board and Exelon's Vice President and Chief Executive Officer. "Their experience, diverse perspectives, and success in different fields will enable them to play pivotal roles on our team as we continue powering a cleaner and brighter future.""I am proud to welcome these incredible leaders to our board of directors," said Carim Khouzami, Vice-Chair of the Board and President and CEO of BGE. "Their unique backgrounds and expertise will provide invaluable insights to help advance our work to bring safe and reliable power to our customers. More importantly, they are all great people who bring a deep understanding of central Maryland and the people who live here."In addition to being the chief executive officer, chief investment officer, and senior portfolio manager at Brown Capital Management, Lee is also a member of the board of directors and chairman of the Management Committee at Brown Capital Management. Lee is a trustee of the Board of Visitors of the University of Maryland Baltimore County and a member of the Board of Governors of The Center Club of Baltimore. He is a former member of the Loyola University-Maryland Sellinger School of Business and Management Board of Sponsors and a former trustee of the Baltimore Museum of Art, where he served on the museum's investment committee. He holds a B.A. degree from the University of Virginia and an MBA from the University of Virginia Darden School of Business.Prior to joining Caldwell, Marchant served as president and CEO of the US Naval Academy Alumni and Foundation for over 13 years. He was in the submarine service before transferring to the Naval Reserve in 1984, where he fulfilled numerous assignments in the Naval Reserve Intelligence program and attained the rank of commander in the U.S. Naval Reserves. Marchant is a life member of the U.S. Naval Academy Alumni Association and a trustee of the Naval Academy Athletics and Scholarship Foundation. He also serves as a director of the Naval War College Foundation, the YMCA of Central Maryland, the Baltimore Community Foundation, the National Sailing Museum, and the Sailing Hall of Fame. He also serves as an honorary board member of the Chesapeake Bay Foundation. He holds a B.S. degree from the U.S. Naval Academy and earned his J.D. from the University of Virginia Law School.Monroe joined The Harry and Jeanette Weinberg Foundation in 2005 as its first-ever chief operating officer and was promoted to president and CEO in 2010. The Foundation provides approximately $150 million in grants each year across the United States and Israel. Monroe also sits on the boards of Laurel Strategies and the Kolker-Saxon-Hallock Family Foundation. She earned a Bachelor of Arts from Northwestern University and a Master of Management from its J.L. Kellogg School of Management.Regan joined Whiting-Turner in 1980 as a project engineer. He worked on utility, public works and heavy industrial projects for several years including water, wastewater, power, and waste-to-energy projects. In the early 1990s, Regan helped expand Whiting-Turner's presence in the life sciences industries, including biotechnology, pharmaceutical processing, and various federal laboratory clients. Regan serves on the boards of the Greater Baltimore Committee, the Board of Visitors of the University of Maryland, College Park School of Engineering, and the University of Maryland, College Park Foundation Board of Trustees. Tim is also the co-founder of TouchPoint Baltimore, which works to disrupt the historic isolation in the underserved West Baltimore community of Mondawmin. He is a graduate of Baltimore Polytechnic Institute and earned his B.S. in civil engineering at the University of Maryland, College Park.Lee, Marchant, Monroe, and Regan join current BGE board members James R. Curtiss, Esq., retired partner of Winston & Strawn; Amy Tang Seto, partner and endowments and foundations senior advisor at Brown Advisory; and Maria Harris Tildon, vice president for state and local affairs at Johns Hopkins University and Johns Hopkins Medicine.###About BGEBGE is Maryland's largest natural gas and electric utility, providing safe and reliable energy delivery to more than 1.3 million electric customers and 700,000 natural gas customers in central Maryland. The company was founded in 1816 as the nation's first gas utility and remains headquartered in Baltimore City to this day. BGE is a subsidiary of Exelon Corporation (Nasdaq: EXC), the nation's leading energy utility company. Engage with the latest BGE stories on bgenow.com and connect with BGE on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and YouTube..(C) 2023 M2 COMMUNICATIONS, source M2 PressWIRE