


        CITI AND BARCLAYS INDUSTRIAL CONFERENCES
      

        FEBRUARY 21 AND 22, 2023
      

        GREG LEWIS
      

        SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT AND
      

        CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
      




          Forward Looking Statements
        

          This presentation contains certain statements that may be deemed "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All
        

          statements, other than statements of historical fact, that address activities, events, or developments that we or our management intends, expects, projects, believes, or anticipates will or may occur in the future are forward looking statements. Such statements are based upon certain assumptions and assessments made by our management in light of their experience and their perception of historical trends, current economic and industry conditions, expected future developments, and other factors they believe to be appropriate. The forward-looking statements included in this presentation are also subject to a number of material risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to economic, competitive, governmental, technological, COVID-19 public health factors or impacts of the Russia-Ukraine conflict affecting our operations, markets, products, services, and prices. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results, and other developments, including the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Russia-Ukraine conflict, and business decisions may differ from those envisaged by such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking plans described herein
        

          are not final and may be modified or abandoned at any time. We identify the principal risks and uncertainties that affect our performance in our Form 10-K and other filings with
        

          the Securities and Exchange Commission.
        

          Non-GAAP Financial Measures
        

          This presentation contains financial measures presented on a non-GAAP basis. Honeywell's non-GAAP financial measures used in this presentation are as follows: Segment profit, on an overall Honeywell basis, a measure by which we assess operating performance, which we define as operating income adjusted for certain items as presented in the
        

          Appendix; Segment margin, on an overall Honeywell basis; Organic sales growth; Free cash flow; Free cash flow excluding the Impact of Settlements; Free cash flow margin;
        

          Adjusted earnings per share; and Adjusted earnings per share excluding pension headwind, if and as noted in the presentation. Management believes that, when considered together with reported amounts, these measures are useful to investors and management in understanding our ongoing operations and in the analysis of ongoing operating trends. These measures should be considered in addition to, and not as replacements for, the most comparable GAAP measure. Certain measures presented on a non-GAAP basis represent the impact of adjusting items net of tax. The tax-effect for adjusting items is determined individually and on a case-by-case basis. Refer to the Appendix attached to this presentation for reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures.
        






                Citi and Barclays Industrial Conferences - February 21 and 22, 2023
              



                1
              








          KEY MESSAGES
        




            Well-Positioned for 2023 Growth
          

            Transformed the
          

            Company Over
          

            the Last 6 Years
          

            Growing Our
          

            Software and
          

            Recurring Sales
          

            Deploying
          

            Capital Remains
          

            a Top Priority
          

            Executing on ESG
          

            HCE = Honeywell Connected Enterprise
          




Record backlog provides good visibility; ongoing end market strength, particularly long-cycle
            

Expect growth in sales, segment margin, and earnings per share, despite economic uncertainty


Supply chain transformation and Honeywell Digital investments invaluable in turbulent 2022


Honeywell Accelerator, our operating system, is empowering our business leaders


~$9B of software / services and related sales in 2022; double-digit sales CAGR for HCE since 2016
            

~30% of sales comes from recurring revenue streams, which are growing faster than total HON


Balance sheet remains healthy; ample firepower for the right opportunities


Committed to deploy at least $25B between 2022-2024; ~$8B completed in 2022
            

Committed to carbon-neutral operations by 2035; addressing emissions across entire value chain
            

Stood up two sustainability business units; recent major carbon capture wins including ExxonMobil






          Honeywell Delivers Compelling Long-Term Profitable Growth
        






                Citi and Barclays Industrial Conferences - February 21 and 22, 2023
              



                2
              








          LONG-TERM FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
        




                Key Metrics
              



                2014 - 2016
              



                2017 - 2019
              



                2020
              



                2021 - 2022
              



                Long-Term
              



                Commentary
              





                Average
              



                Average
              



                COVID-Impacted
              



                Average
              



                Target
              









































• Strong multi-year performance
              





                Organic Growth
              



                1%
              



                5%
              



                (11%)
              



                5%
              



                4% - 7%
              



                across the board
              

















                • Improved organic growth program
              





                Segment Margin
              



                ~70
              



                ~70
              



                (70)
              



                ~70
              



                40 - 60
              



                since 2016
              





                • Top tier, consistent margin
              





                Expansion
              



                bps
              



                bps1




                bps
              



                bps
              



                bps
              

















                expansion
              





                Adj. FCF Margin
              



                11%
              



                15%
              



                16%
              



                15%
              



                Mid-Teens
              



                • Strong cash generation
              





                • Accelerated capital deployment
              































                with commitment to do more
              





                Capital
              



                $7.0B
              



                $7.2B
              



                $7.5B
              



                $8.2B
              



                $25B+
              







                Deployment
              



                2022 - 2024
              


































1Excluding spin benefit of 80 bps YoY expansion in 2019
        

          Consistently Delivering Upgraded Growth Profile
        






                Citi and Barclays Industrial Conferences - February 21 and 22, 2023
              



                3
              








          RECENT ESG WINS
        




                Carbon Capture Win
              





                Hydrogen Partnership
              





                EV Battery Partnership
              




















Announced that ExxonMobil will deploy
Honeywell's CO2 Fractionation and Hydrogen Purification System at its integrated complex in Baytown, Texas.


Honeywell's technology is expected to enable
              ExxonMobil to capture about 7 million tons of
CO2 per year, and ExxonMobil's facility is expected to be the largest low-carbon hydrogen project in the world at planned startup.
            





Partnered with Johnson Matthey to deploy a ready-now solution that will allow project developers to produce low-carbonintensity blue hydrogen at scale.
            

Honeywell's advanced solvent CO2 capture and hydrogen solutions allow for CO2 to be captured, transported, and stored at a lower cost through greater efficiency, while allowing for lower operational expenses.
            





Expanded strategic alliance with Nexceris to collaborate with leading global vehicle manufacturers to deliver advanced gas detection solutions in EV battery packs.
            

Honeywell and Nexceris sensor-based solutions help prevent conditions leading to thermal runaway in EV batteries, a condition that causes extremely high temperatures in a battery and can result in a fire.
            





          Continued Innovation to Drive the Energy Transition
        






                Citi and Barclays Industrial Conferences - February 21 and 22, 2023
              



                4
              





Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
Honeywell International Inc. published this content on 21 February 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 21 February 2023 12:39:13 UTC.
      

