(New throughout, adds details and comments)WASHINGTON, Jan 27 (Reuters) -Tesla Chief Executive Elon Musk met two top
officials in President Joe Biden's administration on Friday in
Washington to discuss how the car maker and the Democratic
president could work together to advance electric vehicle
production and speed electrification of U.S. vehicle networks.Musk met John Podesta, a Democratic stalwart who serves as
senior advisor to the president for clean energy innovation, and
Mitch Landrieu, who oversees infrastructure spending, a White
House spokesperson confirmed to Reuters."John Podesta and Mitch Landrieu met with Elon Musk to
discuss shared goals around electrification and how the
Bipartisan Infrastructure Law and Inflation Reduction Act can
advance electric vehicle production and charging as well as the
broader cause of electrification," the White House spokesperson
said.A Reuters witness on Friday spotted Podesta, Landrieu
and Musk entering a downtown building that houses both Tesla's
Washington lobbying operation and the Center for American
Progress, the think tank Podesta founded. Landrieu and Podesta
left about half an hour later and did not answer questions.Musk left about 45 minutes after Podesta and Landrieu.
He too ignored questions from a Reuters reporterU.S. consumers who bought Teslas became eligible again
this month for up to $7,500 in consumer tax credits, under the
$430 billion U.S. Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) passed last
August. An earlier tax credit for Tesla buyers expired after the
automaker sold its first 200,000 vehicles in the United States.The law imposes requirements that EVs receiving the tax
credits must be North American-made. There are also caps on
vehicle prices and income for buyers who are eligible for the
credits.The law also sets new battery sourcing restrictions
expected to take effect in March. It also includes new U.S.
battery production credits that Musk said earlier this week
could have significant benefits to the company.Biden only publicly acknowledged the role of Tesla in
U.S. electric vehicle manufacturing over a year after taking
office, after Muskrepeatedly complainedabout being ignored.
(Reporting by Nandita Bose, David Shepardson and Raphael
Satter; Editing by Mark Porter, Heather Timmons and David
Gregorio)