



          Q4 2022
        

          BUSINESS
        

          UPDATE
        

          FEBRUARY 15, 2023
        



          Q4 2022 Business Update
        




        2
      

        FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
      

        FEBRUARY 15, 2023
      

        This presentation contains a number of forward-looking statements as defined under U.S. federal securities laws, including, but not limited to, statements, estimates, and projections relating to our business and long-term strategy; our ambitions, goals, targets, and commitments; our activities, efforts, initiatives, plans, and programs, and our investments in such activities, efforts, initiatives, plans, and programs; and projected or expected timing, results, achievement, and impacts. Words such as "aim," "anticipate," "aspire," "believe," "could," "estimate," "expect," "guidance," "intend," "may," "might," "outlook," "plan," "predict," "project," "seek," "will," "would," and variations of such words and similar future or conditional expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are based on management's beliefs, expectations, estimates, and projections at the time they are made and are not guarantees of future performance. Such statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and beyond our control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. For additional, important information regarding such risks and uncertainties, please see our earnings release, which accompanies this presentation, and the risk factors set forth in Kraft Heinz's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. We disclaim and do not undertake any obligation to update, revise, or withdraw any forward-looking statement in this presentation, except as required by applicable law or regulation.
      

        NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES
      

        This presentation contains certain non-GAAP financial measures, including Organic Net Sales, Adjusted EBITDA, Constant Currency Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EPS, Adjusted Gross Profit Margin, Net Leverage, Free Cash Flow, and Free Cash Flow Conversion. These non-GAAP financial measures may differ from similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures presented by other companies. These measures are not substitutes for their comparable financial measures prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") and should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, the GAAP results.
      

        These non-GAAP financial measures assist management in comparing the Company's performance on a consistent basis for purposes of business decision-making by removing the impact of certain items that management believes do not directly reflect the Company's underlying operations.
      

        Please view this presentation together with our associated earnings release, Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the accompanying non-GAAP information, which includes a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the comparable GAAP financial measures, available on our website at ir.kraftheinzcompany.com under News & Events > Events & Webcasts, or directly at ir.kraftheinzcompany.com/events-and-webcasts.
      



        Q4 2022
      

        BUSINESS UPDATE
      

        Miguel Patricio
      

        Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board
      




          4
        




            Delivered
          

            Strong Results
          



            Navigated
          


Dynamic Environment





            Advanced
          

            Long-term
          

            Strategy
          




          Q4 2022 Business Update
        





          5
        




            Delivered
          

            Strong Results
          



            Double Digit Organic Net Sales1 Growth with Adjusted Gross Profit Margin1 Recovery
          

            Solid Momentum Across Each of Our Three Pillars of Growth Strong Consumption with Holding Elasticities
          

            Improved Market Share Trends
          

            Foodservice Growth Outpacing the Industry
          

            Strong Emerging Market Growth in the International Zone Driven by Go-To-Market Model
          




          Q4 2022 Business Update
        



          1| Non-GAAP financial measure. See the accompanying Non-GAAP Information and Reconciliations at ir.kraftheinzcompany.com/events-and-webcasts.
        

This is an excerpt of the original content. To continue reading it, access the original document here.
Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
The Kraft Heinz Company published this content on 15 February 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 15 February 2023 12:16:02 UTC.
      

