


        Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Pre-Recorded Management Discussion | February 15, 2023
      

        Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Pre-Recorded Management Discussion
      

        Feb. 15, 2023
      

        Please view the following prepared management remarks together with our Annual Report on Form 10-K, the earnings release that accompanies these remarks, the related presentation slides, and the non-GAAP information that accompanies these remarks, which includes a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the comparable GAAP financial measures. The related earnings release and presentation slides and accompanying non-GAAP information are available on our website at ir.kraftheinzcompany.comunder News & Events > Events & Webcasts, or directly at ir.kraftheinzcompany.com/events-and-webcasts.
      

        We also invite you to listen to our live question-and-answer webcast with Kraft Heinz management which will begin today at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time and will be available on our website at ir.kraftheinzcompany.comunder News & Events > Events & Webcasts, or directly at ir.kraftheinzcompany.com/events-and-webcasts.
      



        Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Pre-Recorded Management Discussion | February 15, 2023
      

        Forward-Looking Statements
      

        The following remarks include a number of forward-looking statements as defined under U.S. federal securities laws, including, but not limited to, statements, estimates, and projections relating to our business and long-term strategy; our ambitions, goals, targets, and commitments; our activities, efforts, initiatives, plans, and programs, and our investments in such activities, efforts, initiatives, plans, and programs; and projected or expected timing, results, achievement, and impacts. Words such as "aim," "anticipate," "aspire," "believe," "could," "estimate," "expect," "guidance," "intend," "may," "might," "outlook," "plan," "predict," "project," "seek," "will," "would," and variations of such words and similar future or conditional expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are based on management's beliefs, expectations, estimates, and projections at the time they are made and are not guarantees of future performance. Such statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and beyond our control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. For additional, important information regarding such risks and uncertainties, please see our related earnings release, which accompanies this presentation, and the risk factors set forth in Kraft Heinz's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. We disclaim and do not undertake any obligation to update, revise, or withdraw any forward-looking statement in this presentation, except as required by applicable law or regulation.
      



        Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Pre-Recorded Management Discussion | February 15, 2023
      

        Non-GAAP Financial Measures
      

        These remarks contain non-GAAP financial measures, including Organic Net Sales, Adjusted EBITDA, Constant Currency Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Gross Profit, Adjusted Gross Profit Margin, Adjusted EPS, Free Cash Flow, Free Cash Flow Conversion, and Net Leverage. These non-GAAP financial measures may differ from similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures presented by other companies. These measures are not substitutes for their comparable financial measures prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") and should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, the GAAP results in these remarks.
      

        These non-GAAP financial measures assist management in comparing the Company's performance on a consistent basis for purposes of business decision-making by removing the impact of certain items that management believes do not directly reflect the Company's underlying operations.
      



        Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Pre-Recorded Management Discussion | February 15, 2023
      

        Q4 2022 Earnings Pre-Recorded Management Discussion
      

        Slide 1
      

        ANNE-MARIE MEGELA, HEAD OF GLOBAL INVESTOR RELATIONS
      

        Hello. This is Anne-Marie Megela, Head of Global Investor Relations at The Kraft Heinz Company. I'd like to welcome you to our fourth quarter and full year 2022 business update.
      

        Slide 2
      

        During the following remarks, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future, including related to our business plans and expectations, strategy, efforts and investments, and related timing and expected impacts. These statements are based on how we see things today, and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please see the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in today's earnings release, which accompanies these remarks, as well as our most recent 10-K,10-Q, and 8-K filings for more information regarding these risks and uncertainties.
      

        Additionally, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude certain items from our financial results reported in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to today's earning's release and the non-GAAP information available on our website at ir.kraftheinzcompany.comunder News & Events for a discussion of our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP financial measures.
      

        Slide 3
      

        Today, our Chief Executive Officer and Board Chair, Miguel Patricio, will provide an update on our overall business performance. And Andre Maciel, our Global Chief Financial Officer, will provide a financial review of the fourth quarter and full year 2022, and will discuss our 2023 outlook.
      

        We have also scheduled a separate, live question-and-answer session with analysts.
      



        Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Pre-Recorded Management Discussion | February 15, 2023
      

        You can access our earnings release, supplemental materials, and audio of our question-and- answer session at ir.kraftheinzcompany.com. A replay of the question-and-answer session will be available following the event through the same website.
      

        With that, I will turn it over to Miguel.
      

        Slide 4
      

        MIGUEL PATRICIO, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND BOARD CHAIR
      

        Thank you, Anne-Marie.
      

        And thanks to all of you for joining us today. Let me start by saying that our hard work has certainly paid off. In 2022, we delivered strong results with great momentum as we closed the year. I am very proud of the entire Kraft Heinz team, and our partners, for making this happen. We did it while navigating a difficult environment, with ongoing inflation and supply chain disruptions, keeping in mind the challenges our consumers are facing while never losing sight of the future.
      

        We have been transforming our company over the last few years, and I am pleased to say that in 2022 we have made incredible progress. However, there is still much work to do. With the foundation that has been laid, I am very optimistic for what the future holds for us, our consumers, and our stakeholders.
      

        Slide 5
      

        As you can see here, we've accomplished a lot this year. And I'm excited to share the details with you. With that, let's dive in.
      

        Slide 6
      

        For the full year, we delivered 9.8% Organic Net Sales growth versus prior year. We also came in at the top end of our Adjusted EBITDA guidance, at slightly over $6 billion dollars.
      
This is an excerpt of the original content. To continue reading it, access the original document here.
Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
The Kraft Heinz Company published this content on 15 February 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 15 February 2023 12:16:02 UTC.
      

