Single-chip secure, connected MCU solution combines a full NFC reader, a customizable Arm Cortex-M33 MCU and a complete security toolbox to help deliver faster and more secure NFC authentication.NXP's New Secure, Connected MCU Enables Faster, More Secure NFC Authentication imageWhat's NewNXP Semiconductors has announced the PN7642, a single-chip solution that integrates a customizable MCU, an NFC reader and SESIP-Level 2 security to help deliver faster, more secure NFC transactions for physical access solutions, consumables authentication, secure identity verification and other NFC use cases.Why It MattersNFC technology has become foundational to secure authentication, whether it's verifying that the person standing at the front door has been granted access by the homeowner, or confirming that the consumable that's been inserted into a medical device is approved for use with that device.'NFC has become an essential element for secure authentication, for both people and goods. By combining a customizable MCU with an NFC Forum-certified NFC solution and a complete security toolbox, the PN7642 makes it easier to integrate NFC technology into new or existing secure authentication solutions.'Alasdair Ross, Senior Director, NFC IoT Security, NXPMore DetailsThe PN7642 includes a high performance, NFC Forum-Certified NFC reader with 2W output power. The integrated customizable Arm Cortex-M33 MCU includes 180kB flash, 20kB RAM and a rich set of controller and host interfaces. The product includes SESIP-Level 2 certification, complete security toolbox, crypto accelerators, and secure key storage, all supported by software.For more information about the PN7642, visit NXP.com/PN7642.About NXP SemiconductorsNXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ: NXPI) brings together bright minds to create breakthrough technologies that make the connected world better, safer and more secure. As a world leader in secure connectivity solutions for embedded applications, NXP is pushing boundaries in the automotive, industrial & IoT, mobile, and communication infrastructure markets while delivering solutions that advance a more sustainable future. Built on more than 60 years of combined experience and expertise, the company has approximately 31,000 employees in more than 30 countries and posted revenue of $13.21 billion in 2022. Find out more at www.nxp.com.NXP and the NXP logo are trademarks of NXP B.V. All other product or service names are the property of their respective owners. All rights reserved. 2023 NXP B.V.Arm and Cortex are trademarks or registered trademarks of Arm Limited (or its subsidiaries) in the US and/or elsewhere. The related technology may be protected by any or all of patents, copyrights, designs and trade secrets. All rights reserved.(C) 2023 Electronic News Publishing, source ENP Newswire