(Health Rounds is published on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Think
your friend or colleague should know about us? Forward this
newsletter to them. They can also subscribe here.)Feb 14 (Reuters) -Welcome to Health Rounds! Pancreas cancer rates are climbing
in the U.S., but they’re rising faster in younger women than in
their male counterparts, a large study shows. Researchers say
the increases are relatively small, but while they work to
figure out the reasons, they hope awareness might refocus people
on the need for lifestyle changes that help decrease the risk.In other news, a drug that delivers a cancer-killing virus
directly into tumors may be an effective new alternative for
patients with a hard-to-treat form of breast cancer. And instead
of looking for new ways to kill antibiotic-resistant bacteria,
researchers suggest finding ways to disable the organisms and
make them less harmful.Pancreas cancer rates rising faster in young womenPancreas cancer rates in the United States are increasing
faster in younger women than in their male counterparts, a large
study has found.And while survival rates are improving overall, "that
improvement is largely among men. The mortality rate among women
is not improving," Dr. Srinivas Gaddam of Cedars Sinai Medical
Center in Los Angeles said in a statement.Gaddam's team used databases covering more than half the
country to study pancreatic cancer rates between 2001 and 2018.
During that period, the cancers were diagnosed in 454,611
patients, roughly half of whom were female. Over that period,
the rate of new diagnoses rose by roughly 1%, with a similar
pattern seen in adults of both sexes over the age of 55.Among those younger than 55, however, the rate of new
pancreatic cancer diagnoses rose by 2.36% in women versus 0.62%
in men.The difference was most pronounced in the youngest patients.
Among women under age 34, the rate went up by 6.45%, compared to
2.97% in similarly aged men.  The greatest increase in this age
group was in Black women, the research team reported in
Gastroenterology.The researchers also found that rates of pancreatic head
adenocarcinoma, an especially aggressive and deadly type of
tumor at the head of the pancreas, appear to be increasing.The increases are small and the findings should not cause
alarm, Gaddam said. The research team plans to look for
explanations for these trends, which might include differences
between pancreatic tumors in women and in men.The study was funded in part by The Widjaja Family Fund for
Pancreatic Cancer Research.Cancer-killing virus tested in hard-to-treat breast cancerAdding a drug that contains a cancer cell-killing virus to
treatment with chemotherapy yielded impressive results in a
small trial of patients with triple-negative breast cancer, with
nearly half seeing their tumors disappear.Triple-negative breast cancer has few treatment options
because many drugs do not bind to the cancer cells and so cannot
attack them. A new approach employs talimogene laherperepvec
(T-VEC), sold as Imlygic by Amgen Inc, which contains a
so-called oncolytic, or cancer-killing, herpes virus already in
use for treating advanced melanoma.With funding from Amgen, researchers at the Moffitt Cancer
Center in Tampa, Florida injected T-VEC directly into
triple-negative breast cancer tumors in 37 patients receiving
chemotherapy in advance of mastectomy or lumpectomy. The average
tumor size was about four centimeters (1.65 inches), all the
patients had stage 2 or stage 3 disease, and in nearly half, the
cancer had spread to the lymph nodes.As reported in Nature Medicine, the treatment led to a
complete response in 46% of the patients, meaning the tumor was
no longer detectable. Another 21% of the patients had
significant shrinkage of their tumors.Two years after the treatment and the surgery, 89% of the
patients remained cancer free, and there were no recurrences in
the patients who had strong responses to the treatment.The researchers noted that Merck and Co's
immunotherapy Keytruda is already approved for use along with
chemotherapy in patients with triple-negative breast cancer and
has led to significantly improved survival, but with a risk for
autoimmune side effects.Side effects with T-VEC were similar to what would be
expected of chemotherapy. There were higher rates of low grade
fevers, chills, headaches and injection site pain, researchers
reported."Locally administered agents like oncolytic viruses may
boost tumor anti-immunity without increasing systemic
toxicities," they said.If you can't kill MRSA, try disabling itInstead of trying to kill antibiotic-resistant bacteria,
limiting the damage they can do might be an option, laboratory
experiments suggest."If we can disarm it, then we may not have to worry about it
evading antimicrobial agents," study leader Seth Dickey of the
University of Maryland said in a statement.There is a huge unmet need for new medicines or approaches
to tackle bacteria resistant to many current drugs.Dickey's team has discovered that two proteins enable MRSA
bacteria (methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus) to
secrete the toxins that make people sick. They also learned how
those proteins work and what happens if they are disabled,
according to a report released on Tuesday and scheduled for
publication this week in PNAS."We were looking for an alternative way of approaching
MRSA," Dickey said. "We were interested in understanding how the
bacterium causes disease to see if we could interfere directly
with the virulence factors that the bug produces."When they removed one of those proteins in test-tube
experiments, toxins could not leave the single-cell organisms,
the researchers found. Instead, the toxins merely built up
inside the bacteria, where they cannot hurt anyone. When the
other protein was removed, the bacteria were damaged by their
own toxins.The researchers theorize that if therapies could be
developed that target these two proteins, MRSA bacteria could be
disabled, making them less deadly and possibly even harmless.The research, funded by the U.S. National Institutes of
Health, has implications beyond MRSA because many other bacteria
also have dual transport protein systems similar to the one
found in MRSA.
(Reporting by Nancy Lapid; Editing by Bill Berkrot)