
T-Mobile (NASDAQ: TMUS):
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230315005984/en/
What’s the news: T-Mobile announced its latest 25 Hometown Grant winners, bringing the total to 175 small towns since the Un-carrier launched the initiative in April 2021 to support rural communities across the country.

Why it matters: The Un-carrier dedicated $25 million to fund community development projects like revitalized downtown spaces, revamped parks, building renovations and sustainability efforts ­— and it’s making a positive impact for thousands of people in small towns.

Who it’s for: Anyone with a vision for how to make their community even stronger than it is today.

T-Mobile (NASDAQ: TMUS) continues to deliver on its massive 5-year commitment to small towns. Today, the Un-carrier announced its next round of 25 Hometown Grant winners and their projects:

To select Hometown Grant recipients, T-Mobile works with Main Street America and Smart Growth America — two organizations with decades of experience helping to build stronger, more prosperous small towns and rural communities. Applications are evaluated based on their level of detail and completeness, potential community impact, project viability and other considerations. T-Mobile awards up to 25 Hometown Grants each quarter with a population of 50,000 or less.

To submit a proposal for Hometown Grants, visit https://www.t-mobile.com/brand/hometown-grants.

Keeping Communities Connected

T-Mobile’s Hometown Grants initiative is just one way the Un-carrier is supporting small towns. Beyond plans and new devices, T-Mobile’s network is upending home broadband, delivering an alternative to traditional internet service providers (ISPs) and helping bridge the digital divide. Just two years since its commercial launch, T-Mobile 5G Home Internet is now available to more than 50 million households ­­­— a third of them in rural America which previously had limited or no access to broadband options.

For more information on past Hometown Grant recipients, visit the T-Mobile Newsroom here, here, and here.

For more information about T-Mobile’s commitment to small towns, visit T-Mobile.com/AcrossAmerica.

Follow T-Mobile’s Official Twitter Newsroom @TMobileNews to stay up to date with the latest company news.

About T-Mobile

T-Mobile US Inc. (NASDAQ: TMUS) is America’s supercharged Un-carrier, delivering an advanced 4G LTE and transformative nationwide 5G network that will offer reliable connectivity for all. T-Mobile’s customers benefit from its unmatched combination of value and quality, unwavering obsession with offering them the best possible service experience and undisputable drive for disruption that creates competition and innovation in wireless and beyond. Based in Bellevue, Wash., T-Mobile provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile, Metro by T-Mobile and Sprint. For more information please visit: https://www.t-mobile.com.

About Main Street America

Main Street America has been helping revitalize older and historic commercial districts for over 40 years. Today, it is a network of more than 1,200 neighborhoods and communities, rural and urban, who share both a commitment to place and to building stronger communities through preservation-based economic development. Since 1980, communities participating in the program have leveraged more than $95.33 billion in new public and private investment, generated 717,723 net new jobs and 161,036 net new businesses, and rehabilitated more than 314,431 buildings. Main Street America is a program of the nonprofit National Main Street Center, a subsidiary of the National Trust for Historic Preservation. For more information, visit www.mainstreet.org.

About Smart Growth America

Smart Growth America envisions a country where no matter where you live, or who you are, you can enjoy living in a place that is healthy, prosperous, and resilient. We empower communities through technical assistance, advocacy, and thought leadership to realize our vision of livable places, healthy people, and shared prosperity, https://smartgrowthamerica.org/.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230315005984/en/