NEW ZEALAND VISA FOR SWISS CITIZENSThere are hundreds of reasons you will love New Zealand, from its snow-capped mountains, waterfalls, adventure activities and diverse wildlife to its friendliness, culture and world-class food and wine. Of course, there are many things to love about New Zealand and even more reasons to visit this country. As a Swiss citizen, it is very easy to visit New Zealand. All eligible travelers must apply for the New Zealand eTA visa waiver before visiting the country. The New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority (NZeTA) is an electronic visa waiver that was introduced in July 2019. It allows eligible citizens to travel to New Zealand for tourism, business or transit purposes without having to worry about presenting a visa paperwork at an embassy. From October 1, 2019, the New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority is required for visa-exempt visitors, including Swiss citizens. The New Zealand eTA allows multiple entries for a maximum stay of 90 consecutive days each during its 2-year validity. Swiss citizens with an approved NZeTA can visit New Zealand multiple times for up to 90 consecutive days per stay without having to apply for a regular New Zealand tourist visa for the country. Applicants only have to pay the IVL once during this period. Swiss citizens can now travel to New Zealand with NZeTA, an electronic travel authorization that you can easily obtain online from your smartphone or PC.eTA New Zealand Document Requirements for of Switzerland  *A Passport with at least 3 months of remaining validity after the date of intended exit from New Zealand. *A filled-out eTA New Zealand for Switzerland online application form. *A valid email address, to receive the NZeTA in their inbox. *You can use a credit or debit card to pay the eTA and IVL fees. NEW ZEALAND VISA FOR ICELAND CITIZENSNew Zealand is undoubtedly one of the most spectacular places on earth. Consisting of two main islands and a number of smaller islands, New Zealand has an incredible variety of stunning landscapes, from subtropical forests, beaches and offshore islands. All eligible travelers must apply for the New Zealand eTA visa waiver before visiting the country. The New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority is designed for foreigners visiting the country on holiday or attending business meetings and other events. A New Zealand ETA visa for Iceland is not optional, but a mandatory requirement for all Icelandic citizens traveling to the country for short stays. Since July 2019, Icelandic citizens have required an eTA for New Zealand. The New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority is required for visa-exempt visitors, including Icelandic citizens.The New Zealand eTA allows multiple entries for a maximum stay of 90 consecutive days during its 2-year validity. Icelandic citizens with an approved NZeTA can visit New Zealand multiple times for a maximum of 90 consecutive days per stay without having to apply for a regular New Zealand tourist visa to the country. If Icelandic citizens intend to stay longer, they must apply for a visa appropriate to their circumstances. Applicants only have to pay the IVL once during this period. Icelandic citizens can now travel to New Zealand with NZeTA, an Electronic Travel Authorization that you can easily obtain online from your smartphone or PC.New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority (NZeTA) Requirements for Icelandic Citizens  *A valid travel document or passport in order to apply for (NZeTA). *A valid credit/debit card or PayPal account to pay for the (NZeTA) fees. *A valid email address, to receive the NZeTA in their Inbox. NEW ZEALAND VISA FOR BAHRAIN CITIZENSNew Zealand is a nature lover's paradise. New Zealand is a beautiful country to experience. The naturally rich nation has millions of things to offer. If you want to get the best out of this amazing nation, exploring the great outdoors is highly recommended. All eligible travelers must apply for the New Zealand eTA visa waiver before visiting the country. The New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority is designed for foreigners visiting the country on holiday or attending business meetings and other events. A New Zealand ETA visa for Bahrain is not optional, but a mandatory requirement for all Bahrain citizens traveling to the country for short stays. If you are a citizen of Bahrain and planning to visit New Zealand in 2022, you should know how to get a visa for this country. Since July 2019, Bahrain citizens are required to have an eTA for New Zealand. The New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority is required for visa-exempt visitors, including Bahrain citizens. The New Zealand eTA allows multiple entries for a maximum stay of 90 consecutive days during its 2-year validity. Bahrain citizens with an approved NZeTA can visit New Zealand multiple times for a maximum of 90 consecutive days per stay without having to apply for a regular New Zealand tourist visa to the country. If Bahrain citizens intend to stay longer, they must apply for a visa appropriate to their circumstances. Applicants only have to pay the IVL once during this period. Bahrain citizens can now travel to New Zealand with NZeTA, an Electronic Travel Authorization that you can easily obtain online from your smartphone or PC.What are the requirements of New Zealand Visa from Bahrain?  *A valid travel document or passport in order to apply for New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority (NZeTA). *A valid credit or debit card or PayPal account to pay the New Zealand Electronic Travel Authority (NzeTA) fees *A valid email address, to receive the NZeTA in their inbox. NEW ZEALAND VISA FOR TAIWAN CITIZENSNew Zealand is one of the most desirable travel destinations in the world. New Zealand is a destination for lovers of natural paradise.  Visiting New Zealand as a Taiwanese citizen is easy thanks to a mutual visa waiver agreement between Taiwan and New Zealand. Although not a visa, the New Zealand eTA is a mandatory requirement to visit the country. Since October 1, 2019, Taiwanese citizens must apply for an NZeTA before entering New Zealand. Taiwanese passport holders are exempt from a New Zealand visa. This means that they do not need a visa to enter the country. The eTA was introduced to strengthen New Zealand's borders, improve security and reduce the risk of illegal immigration. Taiwanese visitors can stay in New Zealand for tourism purposes for up to 90 consecutive days with the Electronic Travel Authority, NZeTA. The NZeTA for Taiwanese citizens allows multiple entries during its 2-year validity and grants a stay of 90 consecutive days on each entry. The tourist tax only has to be paid once. Applying for the NZeTA is quick and easy. Completing the online form only takes around 10 minutes and, in most cases, the NZeTA will be processed within 1 working day of the application being submitted.eTA New Zealand Document Requirements for Citizens of Taiwan  *A valid Taiwan passport valid for at least 3 months after the intended date of exit from New Zealand *A completed online application form for the New Zealand eTA for Taiwan *A valid email address, to receive the NZeTA in their inbox. *You can use a credit or debit card to pay for the NZeTA and IVL fees. NEW ZEALAND VISA FOR FINLAND CITIZENSNew Zealand is a beautiful nation located in the southwestern region of the Pacific Ocean. It possesses timeless natural beauty and offers a clean and green playground. The New Zealand government has recently created ways to make travel to New Zealand easier and its borders more secure. Finland visitors can stay in New Zealand for tourism purposes for up to 90 consecutive days with the Electronic Travel Authority, NZeTA. The NZeTA for Finnish citizens allows multiple entries during its 2-year validity and grants a stay of 90 consecutive days on each entry. Finnish citizens and nationals of 59 other countries are eligible to apply for an NZeTA visa waiver based on the agreements Finland has with the New Zealand government. Citizens of this country only need to apply for an Electronic Travel Authorization or ETA. This means that your embassy procedure will be closed. Finnish citizens can obtain the necessary travel permits to visit New Zealand in a matter of days or even hours without having to go to a New Zealand embassy or consulate. Applying for the NZeTA visa waiver is easy and can be completed in 10 minutes from any mobile phone, tablet or computer with an internet connection.Required Documents to apply for an NZeTA for Finland  Passport: Make sure that your passport is not expiring for at least the next 6 months. Additionally, it should have one blank page for the stamp. During filling up the form, you will be asked to enter the arrival date as well as the departure date. This is mandatory. Email address: The tourist will be requiring a valid email address because as the application is scrutinized and accepted, the NZeTA is sent digitally on the email ID mentioned in the form. Though it is advised to take a hard copy of it too while traveling. Scanned passport size photograph should also be kept. Payment: One should have a valid means of online payment. Be its debit card, credit card or the PayPal account. Media ContactCompany Name: NEW ZEALAND OfficialContact Person: Robert Haas RustamEmail: info@newzealand-visas.orgPhone: +44 20 7379 4334Address:Strand, London WC2B 4LACountry: United KingdomWebsite: www.new-zealand-visa.co.nz/cy/visa/Source: www.abnewswire.com.(C) 2023 M2 COMMUNICATIONS, source M2 PressWIRE