

      New year, new you - make Adobe Express a part of your resolutions
    

      Ringing in the new year means different things to different people. To some, this means a fresh start. To others, a mental reset. But for many, the most exciting part of a new year is creating New Year's resolutions. Creating lists of potential accomplishments, setting goals to hold yourself accountable, and a general sense of organization all fall under the greater umbrella of creating New Year's resolutions.
    

Adobe Express can help you organize your New Year's resolutions. Use thousands of beautiful and customizable templates to get organized with goals for the year, and schedule social media content weeks in advance. Whether it's needing an invite for a vision board party with friends, setting your fitness goals for the year or spreading the news about a side hustle and small business on social platforms, Adobe Express allows anyone to make standout content quality that will set you apart from the rest.
    

https://blog.adobe.com/en/promotions/creative-cloud-express


      Making goals for the New Year is only as good as the intention behind them. And what better way to adhere to resolutions than by placing them on some templates that will keep the motivation strong throughout the year.
    

      Express for small businesses
    

      Small businesses are the backbone of local communities, and a vital way for people to turn a passion into a career and lifestyle. 99.9% of businesses across the United States are small businesses, accounting for 33.2 million companies. As we move into the new year, Adobe Express can help businesses create a fresh, new look while creating beautiful marketing and social templates to give their brand a big boost as we enter the new year. Our annual Adobe Stock 2023 Creative Trends Report can help inform on the trends we can expect to see in the upcoming year and assist in creating a intentional social media presence for what people what to see. Adobe Express also offers a content scheduler tool that will give any brand the opportunity to schedule social posts in advance to ease the stress of managing a business.
    

      Express in education
    

      Students at many universities are finding ways to use Adobe Express inside and outside of the classroom. Whether working on school projects or creating graphics for clubs, Express can help build digital skills that are in demand by employers. As educators are thinking about how to make their presentations and projects stand out this school year, Adobe Express will help build digital literacy skills and embrace the type of dynamic digital communication that will serve students well throughout their career. For those students that are in their last year of school, they can utilize Adobe Express to create brand-new resume templates for job applications. There are thousands of resume templates that will help graduates feel prepared for the upcoming job hunt.
    

      Express for Nonprofits
    

      Last year, we announced Adobe Express for Nonprofits, which provides the premium version of Adobe Express for free to nonprofits worldwide to help changemakers around the world quickly and easily make standout content. We are harnessing our creative and technological strengths to enable the world's 10 million+ nonprofits to accelerate their mission, engage their donors, reach more people and drive greater impact. Adobe Express for nonprofits includes access to thousands of professionally designed templates and assets (some of which were co-created by nonprofits with Adobe to better support organizations), over 20,000 licensed Adobe Fonts, over 193 million royalty-free Adobe Stock collection photos, 100GB of storage, cross-channel social publishing capabilities, and more.
    

      Entering a new year is a fresh start and an exciting time to set personal and professional goals for yourself and with Adobe Express, we can make it that much easier. As we celebrate one lap around the sun since launching our creative tool, we're excited about the accomplishments and magic that we've brought to the app and shared with our community, and can't wait to show what's to come.
    

      Happy first birthday Adobe Express - here's to many, many more!
    


https://blog.adobe.com/en/publish/2022/12/05/celebrating-special-milestone-10-things-you-might-not-know-about-adobes-40-years-innovation


https://blog.adobe.com/en/publish/2022/12/06/express-your-holiday-adobe-express-holiday-hotline-here-to-spread-hosting-planning-cheer


https://blog.adobe.com/en/publish/2022/11/14/express-your-generosity-this-giving-tuesday-with-adobe


Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
Adobe Inc. published this content on 09 January 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 09 January 2023 17:09:30 UTC.
      

