FREMONT, Calif., Feb.  07, 2023  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Enphase Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ: ENPH), a global energy technology company and the world’s leading supplier of microinverter-based solar and battery systems, announced today financial results for the fourth quarter of 2022, which included the summary below from its President and CEO, Badri Kothandaraman.We reported record quarterly revenue of $724.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2022, along with 43.8% for non-GAAP gross margin. We shipped 4,873,702 microinverters, or approximately 1,952.4 megawatts DC, and 122.1 megawatt hours of Enphase® IQ™ Batteries.Financial highlights for the fourth quarter of 2022 are listed below:Our revenue and earnings for the fourth quarter of 2022 are provided below, compared with the prior quarter and the year ago quarter:(In thousands, except per share and percentage data)Our revenue and earnings for the fiscal year 2022 are provided below, compared with the prior year:(In thousands, except per share and percentage data)Total revenue for the fourth quarter of 2022 increased 14%, compared to the third quarter of 2022, driven by strong demand for Enphase Energy Systems™. Our revenue in the United States for the fourth quarter of 2022 increased approximately 15% and our revenue in Europe increased approximately 21%, compared to the third quarter of 2022. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 43.8% in the fourth quarter of 2022, compared to 42.9% in the third quarter of 2022, driven by IQ8™ Microinverter product mix.Our non-GAAP operating expenses were $87.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2022, compared to $78.6 million in the third quarter of 2022, primarily due to investment in international growth, customer service, and R&D. Our non-GAAP operating income was $229.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2022, compared to $194.0 million in the third quarter of 2022.We exited the fourth quarter of 2022 with $1.61 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities and generated $253.7 million in cash flow from operations in the fourth quarter of 2022. Our capital expenditures were $16.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2022, compared to $8.9 million in the third quarter of 2022. The increase was primarily due to investment in additional contract manufacturing sites and R&D equipment.IQ8 Microinverters constituted approximately 55% of all our microinverter shipments during the fourth quarter of 2022. We introduced IQ8 Microinverters in France and the Netherlands in the fourth quarter of 2022, marking the first expansion into international markets for the product since its successful launch in North America in late 2021.Our IQ Battery shipments were 122.1 megawatt hours in the fourth quarter of 2022, compared to 133.6 megawatt hours in the third quarter of 2022. We made significant software upgrades to continue improving the installer and homeowner experience and brought commissioning times down. We shipped IQ Batteries to North America, Germany, and Belgium during the fourth quarter of 2022. We now have approximately 2,300 installers worldwide that are certified to install our IQ Batteries.We are adding additional manufacturing capacity in the United States due to the strong global demand for our products as well as the incentives related to the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA). We plan to begin domestic manufacturing in the second quarter of 2023 with a new contract manufacturing partner and in the second half of 2023 with our two existing contract manufacturing partners.We began manufacturing Enphase-branded electric vehicle (EV) chargers at our contract manufacturing facility in Mexico, helping us to increase capacity and reduce costs. We expect to introduce IQ smart EV chargers to customers in the United States in the first half of 2023. They will provide connectivity and control, enabling use cases like green charging and allowing homeowners visibility into the operation of their Enphase solar-plus-storage-plus-EV system through the Enphase® App.We continued to make progress on our installer platform. We made updates to Solargraf℠ software during the fourth quarter of 2022, incorporating battery design and proposal, document management, consumption modeling, and several other improvements requested by our installer partners. In addition, we made significant strides in automating the creation of permit plan sets with Solargraf software. We now have more than 1,000 installers using the software.BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTSOn. Oct. 11, 2022, Enphase Energy announced the closing of its acquisition of GreenCom Networks AG, a provider of Internet of Things (IoT) software solutions for customers, to connect and manage a wide range of distributed energy resources within the home such as solar inverters, batteries, EV chargers, and heat pumps.On Oct. 27, 2022, Enphase Energy announced that Infinity Energy, a leading California-based solar and battery installer, is expanding the adoption of Enphase Energy Systems powered by IQ8 Microinverters and IQ Batteries, as the demand for energy security grows nationwide.On Nov. 17, 2022, Enphase Energy announced that installers of Enphase Energy products in Belgium have seen growing deployments of Enphase Energy Systems powered by IQ® Microinverters and IQ Batteries.On Dec. 20, 2022, Pacific Gas and Electric Company and Enphase Energy announced they are launching a home battery energy storage program, with the use of Enphase IQ Batteries, to support vulnerable, low-income customers during power outages.On Jan. 30, 2023, Enphase Energy announced installers of Enphase products in Brazil have seen a significant increase in deployments of residential solar energy systems powered by IQ7+™ and IQ7AM™ Microinverters.On Feb. 2, 2023, Enphase Energy demonstrated its bidirectional EV charger technology enabling vehicle-to-home and vehicle-to-grid functionality, and along with Enphase’s solar and battery storage, can all be controlled from a single app, making it possible for homeowners to make, use, save, and sell their own power.Enphase Energy recently announced that installers in Puerto Rico, New Hampshire, Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Northern California, Oregon, North Carolina, Nevada, and Hawaii have seen growing deployments of Enphase Energy Systems powered by IQ8 Microinverters and IQ Batteries.FIRST QUARTER 2023 FINANCIAL OUTLOOKFor the first quarter of 2023, Enphase Energy estimates both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results as follows:Follow Enphase OnlineUse of Non-GAAP Financial MeasuresEnphase Energy has presented certain non-GAAP financial measures in this press release. Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a company’s performance, financial position, or cash flows that either exclude or include amounts that are not normally excluded or included in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP). Reconciliation of each non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the accompanying tables to this press release. Non-GAAP financial measures presented by Enphase Energy include non-GAAP gross profit, gross margin, operating expenses, income from operations, net income, net income per share and free cash flow.These non-GAAP financial measures do not reflect a comprehensive system of accounting, differ from GAAP measures with the same captions and may differ from non-GAAP financial measures with the same or similar captions that are used by other companies. In addition, these non-GAAP measures have limitations in that they do not reflect all of the amounts associated with Enphase Energy’s results of operations as determined in accordance with GAAP. As such, these non-GAAP measures should be considered as a supplement to, and not as a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. Enphase Energy uses these non-GAAP financial measures to analyze its operating performance and future prospects, develop internal budgets and financial goals, and to facilitate period-to-period comparisons. Enphase Energy believes that these non-GAAP financial measures reflect an additional way of viewing aspects of its operations that, when viewed with its GAAP results, provide a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting its business.As presented in the “Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” tables below, each of the non-GAAP financial measures excludes one or more of the following items for purposes of calculating non-GAAP financial measures to facilitate an evaluation of Enphase Energy’s current operating performance and a comparison to its past operating performance:Stock-based compensation expense. Enphase Energy excludes stock-based compensation expense from its non-GAAP measures primarily because they are non-cash in nature. Moreover, the impact of this expense is significantly affected by Enphase Energy’s stock price at the time of an award over which management has limited to no control.Acquisition related expenses and amortization. This item represents expenses incurred related to Enphase Energy’s business acquisitions, which are non-recurring in nature, and amortization of acquired intangible assets, which is a non-cash expense. Acquisition related expenses and amortization of acquired intangible assets are not reflective of Enphase Energy’s ongoing financial performance.Restructuring and asset impairment charges. Enphase Energy excludes restructuring and asset impairment related charges due to the nature of the expenses being unplanned and arising outside the ordinary course of continuing operations. These costs primarily consist of fees paid for cash-based severance costs and asset write-downs of property and equipment, and other contract termination costs resulting from restructuring initiatives.Non-cash interest expense. This item consists primarily of amortization of debt issuance costs and accretion of debt discount because these expenses do not represent a cash outflow for Enphase Energy except in the period the financing was secured and such amortization expense is not reflective of Enphase Energy’s ongoing financial performance.Loss on partial settlement of convertible notes. This item is reflected in other income (expense), net and represents (i) the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the settled convertible notes and (ii) the inducement loss for the difference between the value of the shares issued to settle the convertible notes and the value of the shares that would have been issued under the original conversion terms with respect to the repurchased Notes due 2025, which is non-cash in nature and is not reflective of Enphase Energy’s ongoing financial performance.Non-GAAP income tax adjustment. This item represents the amount adjusted to Enphase Energy’s GAAP tax provision or benefit to report the non-GAAP tax amount based on cash tax expense and reserves for periods prior to 2023. Effective January 1, 2023, Enphase Energy updated its methodology of computing the non-GAAP income tax adjustment from reporting cash tax expense and reserves to the projected non-GAAP annualized effective tax rate as Enphase Energy utilized most of its net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards in the year ended December 31, 2022 and became a significant cash taxpayer in the United States. Going forward, Enphase Energy will exclude the income tax effects of GAAP adjustments such as stock-based compensation, amortization of purchased intangibles, and other non-recurring items that are not reflective of Enphase Energy ongoing financial performance.Free cash flow. This item represents net cash flows from operating activities plus deemed repayment of convertible notes attributable to accreted debt discount reported in operating activities less purchases of property and equipment.Conference Call InformationEnphase Energy will host a conference call for analysts and investors to discuss its fourth quarter 2022 results and first quarter 2023 business outlook today at 4:30 p.m. Eastern Time (1:30 p.m. Pacific Time). The call is open to the public by dialing (833) 634-5018. A live webcast of the conference call will also be accessible from the “Investor Relations” section of Enphase Energy’s website at investor.enphase.com. Following the webcast, an archived version will be available on the website for approximately one year. In addition, an audio replay of the conference call will be available by calling (877) 344-7529; replay access code 2233998, beginning approximately one hour after the call.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements, including statements related to Enphase Energy’s expectations as to its first quarter of 2023 financial outlook, expense levels and effective tax rate; its ability to add additional manufacturing capability in the United States and to begin shipping from new manufacturing facilities in the United States in 2023; its ability to introduce IQ smart EV chargers to customers in the United States in the first half of 2023; the capabilities, advantages, features and performance of its technology and products; the anticipated demand for and availability of its products and services; and growth in deployments of Enphase Energy Systems. These forward-looking statements are based on Enphase Energy’s current expectations and inherently involve significant risks and uncertainties. Enphase Energy’s actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of certain risks and uncertainties including those risks described in more detail in its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and other documents on file with the SEC from time to time and available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Enphase Energy undertakes no duty or obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this release as a result of new information, future events or changes in its expectations, except as required by law.A copy of this press release can be found on the investor relations page of Enphase Energy’s website at investor.enphase.com.About Enphase Energy, Inc.Enphase Energy, a global energy technology company based in Fremont, CA, is the world’s leading supplier of microinverter-based solar and battery systems that enable people to harness the sun to make, use, save, and sell their own power—and control it all with a smart mobile app. The company revolutionized the solar industry with its microinverter-based technology and builds all-in-one solar, battery, and software solutions. Enphase has shipped approximately 58 million microinverters, and over 3.0 million Enphase-based systems have been deployed in more than 145 countries. For more information, visit www.enphase.com.© 2023 Enphase Energy, Inc. All rights reserved. Enphase Energy, Enphase, the “e” logo, IQ, IQ7+, IQ7AM, IQ8, IQ Batteries, Enphase Energy Systems, Enphase App, Solargraf, and certain other names and marks are trademarks or service marks of Enphase Energy, Inc. Other names are for informational purposes and may be trademarks of their respective owners.Contact:Karen SagotEnphase Energy, Inc.Investor Relationsir@enphaseenergy.comENPHASE ENERGY, INC.CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS(In thousands, except per share data)(Unaudited)ENPHASE ENERGY, INC.CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS(In thousands)(Unaudited)ENPHASE ENERGY, INC.CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS(In thousands)(Unaudited)ENPHASE ENERGY, INC.RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES(In thousands, except per share data and percentages)(Unaudited)2023 GlobeNewswire, Inc., source Press Releases