Jan 10 (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders sent
Moderna Inc a letter this week asking the drug company
to halt planned U.S. price increases on its COVID-19 vaccine,
saying price hikes could make the shot unaffordable for millions
of Americans.Sanders said in his letter that raising prices would be
particularly egregious after the U.S. government provided around
$1.7 billion to fund development of the vaccine. The letter was
addressed to Moderna Chief Executive Stephane Bancel."You propose to make the vaccine unaffordable for the
residents of this country who made the production of the vaccine
possible," wrote Sanders, who is set to become chairman of the
Senate's Health, Education, Labor and Pensions later this month.
"That is not acceptable."Moderna has not settled on a price yet, but Bancel has said
that a range of $110 to $130 a dose for the vaccine once the
United States moves to a commercial market for the shots is
reasonable given the value they create.The top end of that range is around eight times the price in
the earliest U.S. contracts for the vaccine and nearly five
times the roughly $27 a dose the government paid for booster
shots last year."While we are still in discussions with stakeholders on the
price of our COVID-19 vaccines, Moderna is committed to pricing
that reflects the value that COVID-19 vaccines bring to
patients, healthcare systems, and society," Moderna said in an
emailed statement.The company said that under the Affordable Care Act, its
COVID-19 shots will continue to be available at no cost for most
Americans.Sanders is a democratic socialist whose presidential
campaigns have pushed the U.S. Democratic Party agenda leftward.
The Vermont senator has railed against high drug prices and
backed Medicare-for-all, and his chairmanship of the HELP
committee could put drug companies in his crosshairs.Sanders wrote that Bancel and several of Moderna's founders
have become billionaires after the vaccine's launch. He said the
higher prices would cost U.S. taxpayers billions of dollars and
make the shots too expensive for uninsured and underinsured
Americans."Now, in the midst of a continuing public health crisis and
a growing federal deficit, is not the time for Moderna to be
quadrupling the price of this vaccine. Now is not the time for
unacceptable corporate greed," Sanders wrote.Moderna's COVID-19 vaccine sales were around $18.4 billion
in 2022. That is expected to fall sharply next year even with
the price increases, as demand for the shots has dropped off.
The drugmaker said on Monday it expects a minimum of $5 billion
in revenue from the shots this year.
(Reporting by Michael Erman in New Jersey
Editing by Nick Zieminski and Josie Kao)