
 
 
 
Corporate results:

Darktrace cut its revenue outlook as customers turn cautious.
J Sainsbury sees profit at the top end of the range after Christmas sales rise.
JD Sports Fashion raised full-year profit forecast after strong year-end growth.
UK-based PageGroup cut its earnings outlook due to lower customer confidence.
Sika reports slightly better-than-targeted growth in 2022, thanks to strong price increases, but a bit below expectations.
Bed Bath & Beyond jumped 22.3% in pre-market trading despite announcing a much larger-than-expected quarterly net loss and a one-third drop in sales. The home goods chain announced last week that it was considering its options, including a bankruptcy filing.

 
In other news:

Boeing reports 774 net orders and delivers 480 aircraft in 2022.
Apple wants to break away from Samsung by developing its own displays. Meanwhile, a U.S. International Trade Commission judge found that Apple infringed on one of Masimo's patents on measuring blood oxygen on some Apple Watches, medical technology group Masimo announced in a statement.
Merck announced plans to sue some pharmaceutical companies after finding they were distributing its Covid-19 treatment in China without its approval.
Tesla wants to invest $775.7 million to expand its Texas plant.
Activist fund Bluebell is reportedly building up its stake in Bayer in an attempt to spin off the company, according to Bloomberg.
Coca-Cola and PepsiCo are the targets of an FTC pricing investigation.
Siemens Energy won a wind power contract worth more than €4 billion with Dragados Offshore.
Franchise Group is considering a U.S. delisting, according to the Wall Street Journal.
Fast Retailing (Uniqlo) is raising salaries sharply in Japan.
Snam and Eni finalized the purchase by Snam of 49.9% of Eni's stakes in the companies that operate the two international gas pipelines linking Algeria to Italy.
Wells Fargo is expected to exit the U.S. home loan market due to the impact of interest rate hikes and stricter regulatory requirements, CNBC reported Tuesday.
Bed Bath & Beyond will reduce its workforce in an effort to cut costs by up to $100 million, according to its CEO.
Equinor wins 26 new production licenses in Norway.
Medmix sells Polish subsidiary and revises operating margin downward.
Accenture releases a dividend.

Main earnings reports today: Sika, JD Sports Fashion, J Sainsbury... All the agenda is here. 
