PITTSBURGH & CHICAGO - The Kraft Heinz Company (NASDAQ: KHC) has been named to Fast Company's prestigious annual list of the World's Most Innovative Companies for 2023. This year's list highlights the businesses at the forefront of their respective industries, paving the way for the innovations of tomorrow. Kraft Heinz was listed as the #2 most innovative company within the Consumer Goods sector for its efforts to disrupt the food category, including making plant-based foods more approachable through its Kraft Heinz Not Company joint venture that launched in 2022.'At Kraft Heinz, we are innovating faster than ever before,' said Diana Frost, Chief Growth Officer of North America at Kraft Heinz. 'This recognition is a testament to the incredible progress we've made to lead the future of food. In just a short time, we've reengineered our entire company, we've renovated our entire portfolio of iconic brands, we've transformed marketing, and it's just the beginning.'With an ambition to be the most innovative food company in the world, Kraft Heinz is taking a holistic approach to innovation through both disruption and portfolio renovation, guided by consumer-first insights and powered by cutting-edge partnerships, processes, packaging, technologies, and ingredients. As part of its portfolio innovation and renovation, Kraft Heinz has reformulated its iconic Capri Sun juice drink, the largest renovation to the product since 1986, to reduce the amount of sugar by 40% on average. In addition, the company launched Homebake, a new-to-the-world product that combines consumer insights with a first-of-its-kind technology to reimagine family dinners. These are just a few examples demonstrating how Kraft Heinz is driving innovation to lead the future of food.'By combining NotCo's first-of its-kind technology and proven AI solutions with the scale, power and iconic brand portfolio of Kraft Heinz, we are developing plant-based food at a level of speed, taste and quality not previously seen in the industry,' said Lucho Lopez-May, Chief Executive Officer of The Kraft Heinz Not Company. 'This recognition is a fantastic proof point for the impact we're making, and it fuels our continued ambition to democratize plant-based and set a new standard for plant-based innovation.'Fast Company's editors and writers sought out the companies making the biggest strides around the globe. They also judged nominations received through their application process.The World's Most Innovative Companies is Fast Company's signature franchise and one of its most highly anticipated editorial efforts of the year. It provides a firsthand look at the inspiring and innovative efforts of companies across all sectors of the economy.'What a strange and thrilling year it has been to honor this year's Most Innovative Companies. This year's list compiles some of the most cutting-edge groundbreakers who are changing our world every single day, from legacy organizations like McDonald's to upstarts like MrBeast and institutions such as NASA. Everyone on this list does something completely, uniquely different, yet, they all have one thing in common: innovation,' said Fast Company editor-in-chief Brendan Vaughan.Fast Company will host its third annual Most Innovative Companies Summit on April 19 and 20. The virtual summit celebrates the Most Innovative Companies in business, and provides an inside look at cutting-edge business trends and what it takes to innovate in 2023. Fast Company's Most Innovative Companies issue (March/April 2023) is available online here, as well as in-app form via iTunes, and on newsstands beginning March 14. The hashtag is #FCMostInnovative.ABOUT THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANYWe are driving transformation at The Kraft Heinz Company (Nasdaq: KHC), inspired by our Purpose, Let's Make Life Delicious. Consumers are at the center of everything we do. With 2022 net sales of approximately $26 billion, we are committed to growing our iconic and emerging food and beverage brands on a global scale. We leverage our scale and agility to unleash the full power of Kraft Heinz across a portfolio of six consumer-driven product platforms. As global citizens, we're dedicated to making a sustainable, ethical impact while helping feed the world in healthy, responsible ways. Learn more about our journey by visiting www.kraftheinzcompany.com or following us on LinkedIn and Twitter.ABOUT FAST COMPANYFast Company is the only media brand fully dedicated to the vital intersection of business, innovation, and design, engaging the most influential leaders, companies, and thinkers on the future of business. Headquartered in New York City, Fast Company is published by Mansueto Ventures LLC, along with our sister publication Inc., and can be found online at www.fastcompany.com.(C) 2023 Electronic News Publishing, source ENP Newswire