

Product, Zoom Events



        Meet Zoom Sessions: The new way to upgrade your single-session virtual events
      


Robin Bunevich


          January 18, 20234 min read




      Hybrid events, in-person events, and virtual experiences all have a place in the modern event landscape. Yet not all events need the same capabilities. The one-size-fits-all approach to event management can leave you sacrificing features you want or, worse, paying for ones you don't. With that in mind, we're excited to announce Zoom Sessions, our new event management solution that delivers much-needed flexibility and expanded features for single-session events. 
    

      Built to help marketers level-up their Zoom Webinars and Zoom Meetings, Zoom Sessions offers robust production, branding, and analytic tools that help you engage attendees, generate meaningful connections, drive better ROI, and elevate your brand.  
    

      What can you do with Zoom Sessions?
    

      We know it's not easy for event pros to find the best virtual events software to meet their unique needs, especially as hybrid events continue to grow in demand. Zoom Sessions is designed to give marketing teams more options when hosting single-session events. Using either Zoom Meetings or Zoom Webinars, you can: 
    


        Track and measure the success of your events with robust analytics and ticketing features
      

        Grow your pipeline and generate new leads with marketing automation tools and integrations
      

        Engage attendees through interactive features that inspire collaboration and meaningful connections
      

        Build brand awareness and adoption with advanced production tools and customizable branding 
      


[Link]


      Key features transform your virtual meetings and webinars
    

      When you need to upgrade your virtual meeting or webinar with additional engagement and analytic tools, Zoom Sessions provides enhanced production, engagement, and collaboration features that can help you transform your next product demo, fireside chat, networking event, or roundtable into a memorable experience: 
    

Production tools:



        Backstage
      

        Simulive
      

        Practice session
      

        Resources
      


Audience engagement:



        Live polling and results
      

        Q&A
      

        Session surveys 
      

        Chat
      


Team collaboration:



        Up to five hosts and three co-editors
      

        Share hosting duties from one license
      


Event branding: 



        Customizable registration page and emails
      

        Matching virtual backgrounds, backsplash, and name tags 
      


Analytics:



        Detailed dashboards for tracking and measurement
      


Admin workflows: 



        Access the Zoom Events portal to organize and manage your single-session events 
      

        Event hubs to organize your events and past event recordings
      

        Paid tickets can be set up with Paypal or Stripe
      


Set-up: 



        Customizable registration
      

        Pre-and-post event email reminders
      


      Pay for what you need, not what you don't
    

      Zoom Sessions is the latest addition to the Zoom Events portfolio. Whether you're hosting a multi-day conference, one-to-many broadcast, or single-session demand generation event, we've got you covered. Our flexible event management software includes a variety of features and tiered pricing options to ensure you're getting the best solution to fit your virtual and hybrid event needs. 
    

Zoom Webinars


      Bring your company together through high-quality, secure video messages that are easy to broadcast, scalable, and simple to set up. Available as part of our annual pricing model and includes a single host. 
    

Zoom Sessions


      Drive more ROI at your single-session webinars and meetings with engaging features that connect attendees and allow you to collect content and capture data from one central location or hub. Pricing packages include 2-5 hosts and 1-3 co-editors as part of our annual pricing model or payable per attendee (up to 100 hub owners and 1000 hubs) depending on your event schedule. 
    

Zoom Events


      Host best-in-class hybrid and virtual events from our all-in-one event management platform. Ideal for multi-session, multi-day events, Zoom Events elevates your event production with a robust feature set, session branding, and hybrid-specific tools that enable new opportunities for sponsorship and collaboration. Pricing packages include five hosts and three co-editors as part of our annual pricing model or payable per attendee (up to 100 hub owners and 1000 hubs) depending on your event schedule. 
    

[Link]


      Make your next virtual experience one your customers won't forget
    

      Delivering happiness isn't just a Zoom tagline or how we define our culture. It's about listening to our customers, understanding their needs, and developing new opportunities to fulfill those needs. Whether you're a seasoned events pro or need a guide to hosting hybrid events, we're here to help. Get to know all of our virtual and hybrid event solutions to find out how you can make your next experience unforgettable.
    


        Don't forget to share this post
      

Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
Zoom Video Communications Inc. published this content on 18 January 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 18 January 2023 17:09:08 UTC.
      

