

Company News, Government, Meeting & Chat, Partners, Phone System, Rooms & Workspaces, Webinars



        The City of Stockholm uses Zoom X as a secure collaboration solution
      


Zoom


          January 20, 20232 min read




      The City of Stockholm will digitalize its public sector using a bespoke solution by Zoom Video Communications, Inc. Zoom X powered by Deutsche Telekom combines the intuitive, innovative communication experience with some of the best local infrastructure, data security, and services. The localization for the Swedish market is done by Visualised AB, Zoom's largest system integration partner in the Nordics.
    

      The City of Stockholm is Sweden's largest municipality with nearly one million inhabitants. Zoom X will replace several legacy collaboration systems, fully meeting the city's security and privacy requirements. Zoom X is hosted and operated in the EU and will deliver the same services and functionality, including meetings, chat, whiteboarding, webinars, Zoom Rooms, and Zoom Phone.
    

      Stockholm will benefit from 
    


        Secure and reliable collaboration for public sector workers
      

        Better support the community of deaf or hard of hearing or speech-impaired people in the city by offering language interpretation, translation, and transcription in video communications
      

        Provide a better working environment for public sector staff increasing employee happiness, reducing staff turnover, and cutting commuting time
      


      Stockholm will begin its initial rollout of Zoom X to 16,000 users.
    

      Zoom X is replacing a sunsetting product and a product that the city already stopped using due to its inability to meet local regulations and compliance with the GDPR, also in light of the Schrems II decision.  Stockholm Stad, Visualised, and Zoom have worked together to assess the legal and technical implications as recommended by the European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS).
    

      Håkan Axtelius, CEO at Visualised adds: "We have been working in partnership with Zoom for over five years now and have seen many positive results of this collaboration, especially during the pandemic. We recognized the challenging demand for cloud services in the public sector due to its highly regulated environment early. We are incredibly proud that together with Stockholms Stad and Zoom, we have finally found a first-class collaboration service for the public sector in Sweden. We will continue to listen to the market and further enhance the solution to meet additional requirements today and in the future"
    

      Ole Mygind at Zoom comments: "Zoom X allows us to meet the requirements of highly regulated environments such as the Swedish public sector. The collaboration with Stockholm Stad and Visualised is a great example of how we care for our partners and customers meeting their requirements."
    


        Don't forget to share this post
      

Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
Zoom Video Communications Inc. published this content on 20 January 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 20 January 2023 16:50:08 UTC.
      

