Amgen (NASDAQ: AMGN) today announced financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2022 versus comparable periods in 2021.We executed effectively in 2022, delivering strong volume growth, advancing numerous first-in-class medicines in our pipeline, and staying on track to achieve our long-term growth objectives,' said Robert A. Bradway, chairman and chief executive officer. 'The announced acquisition of Horizon Therapeutics, which we expect to complete in the first half of this year, represents a compelling opportunity to serve more patients and strengthen our growth profile.'Key results includeFor the fourth quarter, total revenues were $6.8 billion, largely unchanged from Q4 2021. Q4 revenues benefited from a 4% increase in product sales, offset by lower Other Revenue from our COVID-19 manufacturing collaboration. Product sales growth was driven by 10% volume growth, partially offset by 3% lower net selling price and 2% negative impact from foreign exchange. Excluding the 2% negative impact of foreign exchange on product sales, total revenues increased 2%.o Volume growth of 10% included double-digit volume growth for a number of products including LUMAKRAS/LUMYKRAS (sotorasib), Nplate (romiplostim), EVENITY (romosozumab-aqqg), Repatha (evolocumab), Parsabiv (etelcalcetide), AMGEVITA (adalimumab), KYPROLIS (carfilzomib), and Prolia (denosumab).For the full year, total revenues increased 1% to $26.3 billion, resulting from a 2% increase in product sales driven by a 9% increase in volume, partially offset by 5% lower net selling price and 2% negative impact from foreign exchange. Excluding the 2% negative impact of foreign exchange on product sales, total revenues increased 3% for the full year.GAAP earnings per share (EPS) decreased 11% from $3.36 to $3.00 in the fourth quarter driven by increased other expense, partially offset by lower weighted-average shares outstanding in Q4 2022. For the full year, GAAP EPS increased 18% from $10.28 to $12.11, primarily driven by the write-off of $1.5 billion in Acquired In-Process Research & Development (Acquired IPR&D) associated with our acquisition of Five Prime Therapeutics in 2021.For the fourth quarter, GAAP operating income decreased from $2.3 billion to $2.2 billion, and GAAP operating margin decreased 2.7 percentage points to 34.0%. For the full year, GAAP operating income increased from $7.6 billion to $9.6 billion, and GAAP operating margin increased 7.2 percentage points to 38.6%.Non-GAAP EPS decreased 7% from $4.40 to $4.09 in the fourth quarter, driven by increased other expense, partially offset by lower weighted-average shares outstanding in Q4 2022. For the full year, non-GAAP EPS increased 27% from $13.92 to $17.69 driven by the write-off of $1.5 billion in Acquired IPR&D associated with our acquisition of Five Prime Therapeutics in 2021 and lower weighted-average shares outstanding in 2022.For the fourth quarter, non-GAAP operating income remained unchanged at $3.0 billion, and non-GAAP operating margin decreased 1.9 percentage points to 45.9%. For the full year, non-GAAP operating income increased from $10.5 billion to $12.8 billion, and non-GAAP operating margin increased 8.2 percentage points to 51.5%.The Company generated $8.8 billion of free cash flow for the full year versus $8.4 billion in 2021.Non-GAAP Financial MeasuresIn this news release, management has presented its operating results for the fourth quarters and full years of 2022 and 2021, in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and on a non-GAAP basis. In addition, management has presented its full year 2023 EPS and tax guidance in accordance with GAAP and on a non-GAAP basis. These non-GAAP financial measures are computed by excluding certain items related to acquisitions, divestitures, restructuring and certain other items from the related GAAP financial measures. Beginning January 1, 2022, following industry guidance from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the Company no longer excludes adjustments for upfront license fees, development milestones and IPR&D expenses of pre-approval programs related to licensing, collaboration and asset acquisition transactions from its non-GAAP financial measures. For purposes of comparability, the non-GAAP financial results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2021 have been updated to reflect this change. Reconciliations for these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the news release. Management has presented Free Cash Flow (FCF), which is a non-GAAP financial measure, for the fourth quarters and full years of 2022 and 2021. FCF is computed by subtracting capital expenditures from operating cash flow, each as determined in accordance with GAAP. Management has presented Total Revenues and Product Sales Adjusted for Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Impact, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, for the fourth quarter and full year of 2022. Total Revenues and Product Sales Adjusted for Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Impact is computed by converting our current period local currency product sales using the prior period foreign currency exchange rates and comparing that to our current period product sales. Management has also presented Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA) and debt leverage ratio for 2022, both of which are non-GAAP financial measures. EBITDA is computed by adding interest expense, provision for income taxes, and depreciation and amortization expense to GAAP net income. Debt leverage ratio is calculated as the ratio of GAAP total debt to EBITDA.The Company believes that its presentation of non-GAAP financial measures provides useful supplementary information to and facilitates additional analysis by investors. The Company uses certain non-GAAP financial measures to enhance an investor's overall understanding of the financial performance and prospects for the future of the Company's ongoing business activities by facilitating comparisons of results of ongoing business operations among current, past and future periods. The Company believes that FCF provides a further measure of the Company's liquidity. The Company believes Total Revenues and Product Sales Adjusted for Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Impact provides supplementary information on the Company's product sales performance by excluding changes in foreign currency exchange rates between comparative periods. The Company believes its debt leverage ratio provides an important ongoing operating metric as it compares the amount of cash generated by our operations during a given period relative to our debt obligations outstanding for the same period.The Company uses the non-GAAP financial measures set forth in the news release in connection with its own budgeting and financial planning internally to evaluate the performance of the business, including to allocate resources and to evaluate results relative to incentive compensation targets. The non-GAAP financial measures are in addition to, not a substitute for, or superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP.About AmgenAmgen is committed to unlocking the potential of biology for patients suffering from serious illnesses by discovering, developing, manufacturing and delivering innovative human therapeutics. This approach begins by using tools like advanced human genetics to unravel the complexities of disease and understand the fundamentals of human biology.Amgen focuses on areas of high unmet medical need and leverages its expertise to strive for solutions that improve health outcomes and dramatically improve people's lives. A biotechnology pioneer since 1980, Amgen has grown to be one of the world's leading independent biotechnology companies, has reached millions of patients around the world and is developing a pipeline of medicines with breakaway potential.Amgen is one of the 30 companies that comprise the Dow Jones Industrial Average and is also part of the Nasdaq-100 index. In 2022, Amgen was named one of the 'World's Best Employers' by Forbes and one of 'America's 100 Most Sustainable Companies' by Barron's.Forward-Looking StatementsThis news release contains forward-looking statements that are based on the current expectations and beliefs of Amgen. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including any statements on the outcome, benefits and synergies of collaborations, or potential collaborations, with any other company (including BeiGene, Ltd., Kyowa-Kirin Co., Ltd., or any collaboration to manufacture therapeutic antibodies against COVID-19), the performance of Otezla (apremilast) (including anticipated Otezla sales growth and the timing of non-GAAP EPS accretion), the Five Prime Therapeutics, Inc. acquisition, the Teneobio, Inc. acquisition, the ChemoCentryx, Inc. acquisition, or the proposed acquisition of Horizon Therapeutics plc, as well as estimates of revenues, operating margins, capital expenditures, cash, other financial metrics, expected legal, arbitration, political, regulatory or clinical results or practices, customer and prescriber patterns or practices, reimbursement activities and outcomes, effects of pandemics or other widespread health problems such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our business, outcomes, progress, and other such estimates and results. Forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties, including those discussed below and more fully described in the Securities and Exchange Commission reports filed by Amgen, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and any subsequent periodic reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. Unless otherwise noted, Amgen is providing this information as of the date of this news release and does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this document as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed and actual results may differ materially from those we project. Our results may be affected by our ability to successfully market both new and existing products domestically and internationally, clinical and regulatory developments involving current and future products, sales growth of recently launched products, competition from other products including biosimilars, difficulties or delays in manufacturing our products and global economic conditions. In addition, sales of our products are affected by pricing pressure, political and public scrutiny and reimbursement policies imposed by third-party payers, including governments, private insurance plans and managed care providers and may be affected by regulatory, clinical and guideline developments and domestic and international trends toward managed care and healthcare cost containment. Furthermore, our research, testing, pricing, marketing and other operations are subject to extensive regulation by domestic and foreign government regulatory authorities. We or others could identify safety, side effects or manufacturing problems with our products, including our devices, after they are on the market. Our business may be impacted by government investigations, litigation and product liability claims. In addition, our business may be impacted by the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities. If we fail to meet the compliance obligations in the corporate integrity agreement between us and the U.S. government, we could become subject to significant sanctions. Further, while we routinely obtain patents for our products and technology, the protection offered by our patents and patent applications may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by our competitors, or we may fail to prevail in present and future intellectual property litigation. We perform a substantial amount of our commercial manufacturing activities at a few key facilities, including in Puerto Rico, and also depend on third parties for a portion of our manufacturing activities, and limits on supply may constrain sales of certain of our current products and product candidate development. An outbreak of disease or similar public health threat, such as COVID-19, and the public and governmental effort to mitigate against the spread of such disease, could have a significant adverse effect on the supply of materials for our manufacturing activities, the distribution of our products, the commercialization of our product candidates, and our clinical trial operations, and any such events may have a material adverse effect on our product development, product sales, business and results of operations. We rely on collaborations with third parties for the development of some of our product candidates and for the commercialization and sales of some of our commercial products. In addition, we compete with other companies with respect to many of our marketed products as well as for the discovery and development of new products. Discovery or identification of new product candidates or development of new indications for existing products cannot be guaranteed and movement from concept to product is uncertain; consequently, there can be no guarantee that any particular product candidate or development of a new indication for an existing product will be successful and become a commercial product. Further, some raw materials, medical devices and component parts for our products are supplied by sole third-party suppliers. Certain of our distributors, customers and payers have substantial purchasing leverage in their dealings with us. The discovery of significant problems with a product similar to one of our products that implicate an entire class of products could have a material adverse effect on sales of the affected products and on our business and results of operations. Our efforts to collaborate with or acquire other companies, products or technology, and to integrate the operations of companies or to support the products or technology we have acquired, may not be successful. A breakdown, cyberattack or information security breach of our information technology systems could compromise the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our systems and our data. Our stock price is volatile and may be affected by a number of events. Our business and operations may be negatively affected by the failure, or perceived failure, of achieving our environmental, social and governance objectives. The effects of global climate change and related natural disasters could negatively affect our business and operations. Global economic conditions may magnify certain risks that affect our business. Our business performance could affect or limit the ability of our Board of Directors to declare a dividend or our ability to pay a dividend or repurchase our common stock. We may not be able to access the capital and credit markets on terms that are favorable to us, or at all.Contact:Tel: 805-447-1060(C) 2023 Electronic News Publishing, source ENP Newswire