


Based on a true story


Photo credit: Tine Harden / Netflix and Tommy Wildner / Netflix


Today, Netflix reveals the first teaser and announces the launch date for The Nurse, a Danish Netflix series from the producers of The Chestnut Manthat tells the true story of the Danish nurse convicted of four counts of attempted manslaughter. 


The Nurse will launch globally on Netflix on April 27, 2023.


In The Nurse we are taken behind the walls of a hospital in the outskirts of Denmark, where everyone knows each other and where there's little change in personnel. We follow Pernille Kurzmann in her first days in her new job as a nurse. She soon befriends the very charming and charismatic nurse Christina Aistrup Hansen who at first seems to be one of a kind, loved by everyone, incredible at her job and always first on the spot in an emergency. However, as the days go by and Pernille gets to know her way around she slowly starts seeing that there might be more to Christina than what first meets the eye. She decides that she cannot turn a blind eye to what is happening in front of her and she journeys out to uncover the truth.


The Nurse is based on the book of the same name written by Kristian Corfixen. The series stars Josephine Park (Baby Fever), the up-and-coming Fanny Bernth (It's So Charming), Amalie Lindegård (Baby Fever) and Dick Kaysø (The crumbs).  


ABOUT THE NURSE


Head Writers Dorte W. Høgh, Kasper Barfoed


Directed by Kasper Barfoed


ProducerNina Leidersdorff, Morten Kjems Hytten Juhl


Executive ProducerMeta Louise Foldager Sørensen


CinematographerTommy Wildner


MusicJeppe Kaas


Produced bySAM Productions


About SAM Productions 


SAM Productions is a Danish screenwriter-based production company with the ambition of working with the strongest talent from the world of TV series and feature films, creating stories for a large audience both in Denmark and abroad. SAM Productions was founded in 2014 by Søren Sveistrup, Adam Price and Meta Louise Foldager Sørensen in collaboration with STUDIOCANAL.


About Netflix


Netflix is one of the world's leading entertainment services with 231 million paid memberships in over 190 countries enjoying TV series, films and games across a wide variety of genres and languages. Members can play, pause and resume watching as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, and can change their plans at any time.


Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
Netflix Inc. published this content on 07 March 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 07 March 2023 08:12:04 UTC.
      

