
Oscar Mayer’s coveted Hotdogger applications are open, giving fans the opportunity to apply for a once-in-a-lifetime job: a one-year, full-time gig behind the wheel of the iconic Wienermobile. Now through January 31, recent college graduates can relish in the opportunity to join a long-lasting legacy of sparking smiles across the nation, becoming a member of the 36th Hotdogger class.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230110005456/en/Now through January 31, recent college graduates can apply to become a member of the 36th Hotdogger class, sparking smiles nationwide with the iconic Wienermobile. (Photo: Business Wire)
By the end of their service, each Hotdogger has an average of 20,000 miles and 20 states under their belt. Hotdoggers are tasked with driving and maintaining the fleet of six Wienermobiles, creating social content for various brand channels and together, handing out more than 250,000 Wiener Whistles each year. This group of individuals also gets to make their mark on culture and help share the news of some of Oscar Mayer’s most memorable marketing campaigns, hello Oscar Mayer Cold Dog!

“The Wienermobile is an American icon and one of our brand’s most prized assets, making the Hotdogger role an extremely important job,” said Ed Roland, Sr. Manager Brand Communications for Oscar Mayer at The Kraft Heinz Company. “From traveling to events across the U.S. to regularly speaking with consumers and media on behalf of the brand, Hotdoggers operate as a marketing firm on wheels, providing invaluable experience to recent graduates, while continuing our mission of uniting millions around a love of meat.”

With only twelve positions, an Oscar Mayer Hotdogger is a highly coveted role. In fact, more than 2,000 people apply every year to join the elite class of Hotdoggers, on average —and less than 1% make the cut. In other words, it’s statistically easier to get into an Ivy League University than to be granted acceptance into the Oscar Mayer brand’s class of Hotdoggers. * Think you’ve got what it takes? Here’s what we’re looking for:

To learn more about Oscar Mayer, the Wienermobile or Hotdoggers, visit OscarMayer.com/Wienermobile or follow along on Facebook, and Instagram.

*U.S. News and World Report: What It Takes to Get Into the Ivy League

ABOUT THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY

We are driving transformation at The Kraft Heinz Company (Nasdaq: KHC), inspired by our Purpose, Let’s Make Life Delicious. Consumers are at the center of everything we do. With 2020 net sales of approximately $26 billion, we are committed to growing our iconic and emerging food and beverage brands on a global scale. We leverage our scale and agility to unleash the full power of Kraft Heinz across a portfolio of six consumer-driven product platforms. As global citizens, we’re dedicated to making a sustainable, ethical impact while helping feed the world in healthy, responsible ways. Learn more about our journey by visiting www.kraftheinzcompany.com or following us on LinkedIn and Twitter.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230110005456/en/