A new study has revealed that Tesla is the most Googled S&P 500 stock in the UK, according to Google search data.The study, conducted by the experts at Trading Browser, analysed Google Keyword data to establish the search volume for each S&P 500 stock in each UK area and combined the number of searches to determine which is the most popular.According to the results, the five most Googled S&P 500 stocks in the UK are:Tesla (TSLA)Electric car manufacturer Tesla is named the most Googled S&P 500 stock in the UK. Tesla stock is searched for 260,180 times a month on average by UK residents. Recognised not only for its various electric products but the company's outlandish CEO Elon Musk, Tesla has rapidly become one of the world's most valuable companies. As of March 2023, Tesla has a market cap of $621.77 billion which is the seventh highest in the world.META (META)Formerly known as Facebook, Meta is the UK's second most Googled S&P 500 stock. META stock is searched for 84,310 times a month on average by UK residents. CEO Mark Zuckerberg recently announced a paid monthly subscription to give Facebook and Instagram users a blue verification tick. Meta's annual revenue for 2022 was $116.6 billion, which was a 1.12% decline from 2021.NVIDIA (NVDA)NVIDIA ranked as the third most Googled S&P 500 stock in the UK. NVDA stock is searched for 58,250 times a month on average by UK residents. The company manufactures high-end graphics units for PCs and game consoles. As of 2023, NVIDIA has just over 26,000 employees worldwide.Google (GOOG)Google ranked as the fourth most Googled S&P 500 stock in the UK. GOOG stock is searched for 35, 840 times a month on average by UK residents. Google is one of the most popular search engines in the world. Its parent company Alphabet Inc. measured more than 190,000 employees at the end of 2022, making it one of the top ten largest tech companies in the world.Amazon (AMZN)Amazon ranked as the fifth most Googled S&P 500 stock in the UK. AMZN stock is searched for 27,720 times a month on average by UK residents. Amazon is one of the world's most valuable brands and one of the most recognisable. In 2022 for the first time in eight years, Amazon recorded a loss which amassed to $2.7 billion dollars.A spokesperson for Trading Browser said: "More and more people are becoming interested in stocks, shares and investing in general. With so much information out there, especially on social media, it has become easier than ever to conduct research on the market."It's no surprise to see Tesla top the rankings when it comes to the volume of Google searches. With Elon Musk at the helm, there are always new developments to be aware of before and after investing."With companies like these, where the CEO or founder has some sort of celebrity status, it is not uncommon for stocks to fluctuate in response to their actions."It's also no surprise to see some of the biggest tech, manufacturing and oil giants amongst the top spots, as all of these industries are constantly undergoing change both socially and economically."ENDSMethodologyFor each major city in the UK, Google keywords search volume was acquired for each ticker symbol in the S&P 500.Terms were suffixed with each of the search terms listed (TSLA Price, TSLA premarket etc). These search volumes were then aggregated by their respective stocks. Every city's search volume for each stock was combined to give an overall number for the UK.http://tradingbrowser.com..(C) 2023 M2 COMMUNICATIONS, source M2 PressWIRE