(via NewsDirect)Comcast is announcing, through the commission of the Northwest African American Museum, a children’s book curated for children in grade school titled <i>Hakeem’s Song</i> to be released later in 2023. In honor of Black History Month, Comcast is donating $35,000 to develop, publish, distribute, and promote the book by recognized author, educator, and poet laureate, Dr. Mona Lake Jones, known affectionally as “Grandhoney” to children and the community is authoring.<i>Hakeem's Song</i> encourages self-esteem, celebration of Black identity, inclusion, and compassion. The content of the book is being developed for a primary grade reading audience and will be distributed to students in Seattle Public Schools and beyond.<i>Hakeem’s Song</i>will be officially released in 2023, with author readings at Seattle Public Schools and book giveaways. The book continues a partnership between Comcast and the Northwest African American Museum.“Being able to create a children’s book from scratch which shares a meaningful story for children in Seattle is a dream come true. We are so thankful Comcast is helping us bring this vision to life,” said LaNesha DeBardelaben, president and CEO of Northwest African American Museum.“Addressing education disparities in our communities, especially with communities of color, is a significant priority for Comcast in Washington state and Seattle. The Northwest African American Museum is a pillar of the community for showcasing African American art, culture, and history in the Pacific Northwest and an incredible community partner to work with,” said Diem Ly, Community Impact and External Affairs director, Comcast.The author of <i>Hakeem’s Song</i>, Dr. Mona Lake Jones, has served as the poet laureate for the City of Seattle and King County. Her experience as a community activist coupled with her writing talent and presentation skills has gained her a national reputation. She has several published books and is described by The Seattle Times as “Maya Angelou of the Pacific Northwest.”This effort is part of Comcast NBC Universal’s Black History Month celebration honoring Black changemakers. This month and all year long, Comcast NBCUniversal is honoring Black changemakers by highlighting how innovators of the past have paved the road for culture shifters today and beyond. By highlighting Black business owners, sharing the stories of civil rights activists, investing in organizations that promote digital equity and economic mobility for Black youth and adults, and much more, Comcast is helping to create a future of unlimited possibilities.<b>About Northwest African American Museum</b>The Northwest African American Museum (NAAM) is a regionally prestigious institution housed in the historic Colman School within Seattle's Central District. Since opening in 2008, hundreds of thousands of visitors have come to the museum to view exhibitions, participate in dynamic public programs, and take part in private events. As a premier African American museum in the region, NAAM fills a void in the regional cultural scene by offering a space where community members come to reflect, to gain perspective, to learn, listen, and heal. NAAM uses Black history, art, and culture as a starting point that inspires, empowers, and informs all visitors about ourselves and our shared past. NAAM's mission is to spread knowledge, understanding, and enjoyment of the histories, arts, and cultures of people of African descent for the enrichment of all.<b>About Comcast Corporation</b>Comcast Corporation (Nasdaq: CMCSA) is a global media and technology company that connects people to moments that matter. We are principally focused on broadband, aggregation, and streaming with over 57 million customer relationships across the United States and Europe. We deliver broadband, wireless, and video through our Xfinity, Comcast Business, and Sky brands; create, distribute, and stream leading entertainment, sports, and news through Universal Filmed Entertainment Group, Universal Studio Group, Sky Studios, the NBC and Telemundo broadcast networks, multiple cable networks, Peacock, NBCUniversal News Group, NBC Sports, Sky News, and Sky Sports; and provide memorable experiences at Universal Parks and Resorts in the United States and Asia. Visit www.comcastcorporation.com for more information.Jack Follmanjack_follman@comcast.comhttps://washington.comcast.com/Copyright (c) 2023 TheNewswire - All rights reserved.Copyright (c) 2023 TheNewswire - All rights reserved., source Press Releases