

      by Yuchuan Wang
    

      JD.com kicked off the 2023 Chinese New Year Grand Promotion at 8pm on December 29, and announced that for the eleventh consecutive year, the company's affiliate JD Logistics will provide delivery during the holiday in 366 cities, 1,700 districts and counties across China. Customers will not only enjoy discounts, but can also place and receive orders even on the eve and the day of the Chinese New Year (CNY) on January 22.
    

      For Chinese people, CNY is the most important traditional festival, during which most businesses will shut down including logistics and delivery service providers. Eleven years ago JD.com was the first e-commerce company in China to commit to delivery during CNY, featuring standard service without delays or extra fees. This year, Deppon Logistics will also join JD Logistics in securing delivery. Moreover, 600 autonomous vehicles and over 100 indoor robots will also join the crew to fulfill last-mile delivery in 30 cities in China.
    

[Link]


      As for front-line workers who will be working during the holiday, JD Logistics will provide additional allowances to ensure their benefits are higher than the national standard. The company will also provide allowances for those employees who live apart from their kids, to enable their kids to travel to visit parents during CNY.
    

      JD.com also launched a special 24/7 care service for seniors who are not familiar with using smart phones. Upon the activation of the service, customer service calls from seniors will be picked up by an exclusive team that can provide one-stop aftersales consulting including product usage advice, repairs, returns and more.
    

      JD will also offer a 30-day price guarantee service for more than 300 million products during this year's CNY Grand Promotion; if there is a going down of the price, customers will be able to get refunds of the difference with one-click.
    

      (yuchuan.wang@jd.com)
    
Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
JD.com Inc. published this content on 03 January 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 03 January 2023 02:17:03 UTC.
      

