Within two weeks, two global market leaders have selected Loyal Solutions technology and knowhow. Copenhagen  February 27. 2023Marriott International today signed a multiyear contract with Loyal Solutions, to power the next generation of the successful Marriott Bonvoy loyalty program. Bonvoy is industry leading and has over 160.000.000 members worldwide " We are very proud to add Marriott International to the growing list of world leading brands using our technology, concepts, and know-how to take their loyalty programs to the next level. Having so many global brands trust Loyal Solutions as their partner is very encouraging for us and a testament to our market leading card-linked technology and our state-of-the-art SaaS platform, LoyalTfacts. Beeing able to sign an agreement with Marriott International less than 2 weeks after signing a multi-year agreement with Emirates is just amazing for us.

In our business, people always focus on the technology, but in my view its all about the people and the team creating the new concepts and building and operating the enabling technology.  Being able to sign contracts with global brands such as Marriott and Emirates is a testament to the work and dedication of the entire Loyal Solutions team in Copenhagen and in Johannesburg. A big thank you to everyone! " States Peter Kisbye, CEO and Founder of Loyal Solutions

This press release constitutes inside information that Loyal Solutions A/S is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014. The information was sent for publication, through the agency of the contact persons set out below, at the time stated by the Company's news distributor, Cision, at the publication of this press release.
 For further information about the Company, please contact
Peter Kisbye, CEO
Phone: +45 21 28 69 60
E-mail: pki@loyalsolutions.eu
Website: www.loyalsolutions.euCertified Adviser
Svensk Kapitalmarknadsgranskning AB
Phone: +46 (0) 11 32 30 732
E-mail: ca@skmg.seLoyal Solutions was set up in 2009 with the sole purpose of disrupting the loyalty industry with new technology, new transparent concepts and a 100% focus on the end customer.
Loyal Solutions has quickly become a leading global provider of loyalty concepts, solutions, and technology for selected industries for select clients. Our proprietary technology and global private cloud solutions are state of the art and market leading. We also offer clients full outsourcing options, making implementation of a full program seamless and easy.
We have our HQ in Copenhagen and an IT hub in Johannesburg. We are currently represented in Stockholm, Dubai, San Francisco and Melbourne.
 https://news.cision.com/loyal-solutions-a-s/r/loyal-solutions-signs-multi-year-contract-with-marriott-international,c3724288https://news.cision.com/loyal-solutions-a-s/i/news-18,c3149333(c) 2023 Cision. All rights reserved., source Press Releases - English