(via NewsDirect)Wonderland Child & Family Services (Wonderland) has announced that utilizing Comcast Business’ Internet with Security Edge™ and Connection Pro has helped them to expand their reach and services to more families in need. The nonprofit’s enhanced technological capabilities supported its timely expansion into telehealth during the COVID-19 pandemic, allowing the organization to offer virtual support groups, educational programming and therapy appointments to its clients. And, more recently, Wonderland has used its new solutions to permanently expand its offerings and opportunities for regular visits to clients who may not live nearby.“Partnering with Comcast Business has changed how we operate as a business. Pre-Comcast Business, we did not do remote work,” said Brigette Quichocho, partnerships manager at Wonderland. “Not only are we offering telehealth appointments, but we can also support remote outreach and fundraising events. Previously, we were able to reach maybe 10 people at a time via workplace giving events. Now we are seeing involvement from closer to 100 people during workplace giving activities.”Founded in 1969, Wonderland serves children with developmental delays, disabilities and prenatal substance exposure. Families of any income, insurance or ability to pay can benefit from the nonprofit’s services, which include occupational and physical therapy, speech-language pathology, special education, mental health support, educational advocacy and family resources support. It is also the only clinic in the state of Washington that offers diagnostic and intervention services for children with prenatal substance exposure.When COVID-19 first hit, Wonderland knew it would need to continue to provide its critical services despite the operational challenges brought on by the pandemic. The nonprofit partnered with Comcast Business to successfully upgrade its existing network, which experienced a rapid increase in demand due to the transition to remote work. While the pandemic initiated the clinic’s transition to virtual offerings, the realization that patients were able to secure support on their own time, in the comfort of their own homes, inspired a more permanent transition to hybrid operations.Longer term, Wonderland aims to increase the ways in which it uses its Comcast Business solutions to help current and future patients. Recently, the organization kicked off a webinar series designed to raise awareness among doctors and potential clients who would benefit from the clinic’s services.“Wonderland is the perfect example of how businesses of all kinds can use technology not just to maintain a business, but to take it to the next level by solving for unique problems with tailored technology solutions,” said Rob Brenner, vice president of Comcast Business for Comcast’s Pacific Northwest Region. “Comcast has a strong culture of support ingrained in its operations, so we are proud to support Wonderland in its mission to provide opportunities to families with diverse needs.”<b>About Comcast Business</b>Comcast Business offers a suite of Connectivity, Communications, Networking, Cybersecurity, Wireless, and Managed Solutions to help organizations of different sizes prepare for what’s next. Powered by the nation’s largest Gig-speed broadband network, and backed by 24/7 customer support, Comcast Business is the nation’s largest cable provider to small and mid-size businesses and one of the leading service providers to the Enterprise market. Comcast Business has been consistently recognized by industry analysts and associations as a leader and innovator, and one of the fastest growing providers of Ethernet services.  For more information, call 866-429-3085. Follow on Twitter @ComcastBusiness and on other social media networks at http://business.comcast.com/social.<b>Comcast</b>Jack Follmanjack_follman@comcast.comhttps://washington.comcast.com/Copyright (c) 2023 TheNewswire - All rights reserved.Copyright (c) 2023 TheNewswire - All rights reserved., source Press Releases