SANTA CLARA, Calif., Feb.  22, 2023  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) today reported revenue for the fourth quarter ended January 29, 2023, of $6.05 billion, down 21% from a year ago and up 2% from the previous quarter.GAAP earnings per diluted share for the quarter were $0.57, down 52% from a year ago and up 111% from the previous quarter. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were $0.88, down 33% from a year ago and up 52% from the previous quarter.For fiscal 2023, revenue was $26.97 billion, flat from a year ago. GAAP earnings per diluted share were $1.74, down 55% from a year ago. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were $3.34, down 25% from a year ago."AI is at an inflection point, setting up for broad adoption reaching into every industry,” said Jensen Huang, founder and CEO of NVIDIA. “From startups to major enterprises, we are seeing accelerated interest in the versatility and capabilities of generative AI.“We are set to help customers take advantage of breakthroughs in generative AI and large language models. Our new AI supercomputer, with H100 and its Transformer Engine and Quantum-2 networking fabric, is in full production.“Gaming is recovering from the post-pandemic downturn, with gamers enthusiastically embracing the new Ada architecture GPUs with AI neural rendering,” he said.    NVIDIA AI Cloud Service OfferingsNVIDIA is partnering with leading cloud service providers to offer AI-as-a-service that provides enterprises access to NVIDIA’s world-leading AI platform.Customers will be able to engage each layer of NVIDIA AI – the AI supercomputer, acceleration libraries software or pretrained generative AI models – as a cloud service.Using their browser, they will be able to engage an NVIDIA DGX™ AI supercomputer through the NVIDIA DGX Cloud, which is already offered on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, with Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform and others expected soon. At the AI platform software layer, they will be able to access NVIDIA AI Enterprise for training and deploying large language models or other AI workloads. And at the AI-model-as-a-service layer, NVIDIA will offer its NeMo™ and BioNeMo™ customizable AI models to enterprise customers who want to build proprietary generative AI models and services for their businesses.Further details will be shared at the company’s GTC developer conference, taking place virtually March 20-23.Return to ShareholdersDuring the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, NVIDIA returned to shareholders $1.15 billion in share repurchases and cash dividends, bringing the return in the fiscal year to $10.44 billion.NVIDIA will pay its next quarterly cash dividend of $0.04 per share on March 29, 2023, to all shareholders of record on March 8, 2023. Q4 Fiscal 2023 SummaryFiscal 2023 SummaryOutlookNVIDIA’s outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2024 is as follows:Highlights NVIDIA achieved progress since its previous earnings announcement in these areas: Data Center Gaming Professional VisualizationAutomotive and EmbeddedCFO CommentaryCommentary on the quarter by Colette Kress, NVIDIA’s executive vice president and chief financial officer, is available at https://investor.nvidia.com/.Conference Call and Webcast InformationNVIDIA will conduct a conference call with analysts and investors to discuss its fourth quarter and fiscal 2023 financial results and current financial prospects today at 2 p.m. Pacific time (5 p.m. Eastern time). A live webcast (listen-only mode) of the conference call will be accessible at NVIDIA’s investor relations website, https://investor.nvidia.com. The webcast will be recorded and available for replay until NVIDIA’s conference call to discuss its financial results for its first quarter of fiscal 2024.Non-GAAP MeasuresTo supplement NVIDIA’s condensed consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP, the company uses non-GAAP measures of certain components of financial performance. These non-GAAP measures include non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP income from operations, non-GAAP other income (expense), net, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP net income, or earnings, per diluted share, and free cash flow. For NVIDIA’s investors to be better able to compare its current results with those of previous periods, the company has shown a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures. These reconciliations adjust the related GAAP financial measures to exclude acquisition termination costs, stock-based compensation expense, acquisition-related and other costs, contributions, IP-related costs, legal settlement costs, restructuring costs and other, gains and losses from non-affiliated investments, interest expense related to amortization of debt discount, the associated tax impact of these items where applicable, foreign tax benefit and domestication tax adjustments. Free cash flow is calculated as GAAP net cash provided by operating activities less both purchases of property and equipment and intangible assets and principal payments on property and equipment and intangible assets. NVIDIA believes the presentation of its non-GAAP financial measures enhances the user’s overall understanding of the company’s historical financial performance. The presentation of the company’s non-GAAP financial measures is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the company’s financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP, and the company’s non-GAAP measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies.About NVIDIASince its founding in 1993, NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) has been a pioneer in accelerated computing. The company’s invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined computer graphics, ignited the era of modern AI and is fueling the creation of the metaverse. NVIDIA is now a full-stack computing company with data-center-scale offerings that are reshaping industry. More information at https://nvidianews.nvidia.com/.For further information, contact:Certain statements in this press release including, but not limited to, statements as to: AI being at an inflection point, setting up for broad adoption reaching into every industry; seeing accelerated interest in the versatility and capabilities of generative AI; NVIDIA being set to help customers take advantage of breakthroughs in generative AI and large language models; NVIDIA’s new AI supercomputer being in full production; gaming recovering from the post-pandemic downturn; gamers enthusiastically embracing the new Ada architecture GPUs with AI neural rendering; partnering with leading cloud service providers to offer NVIDIA AI cloud service; customers being able to engage each layer of NVIDIA AI – the AI supercomputer, acceleration libraries software or pretrained generative AI models – as a cloud service; NVIDIA’s next quarterly cash dividend; NVIDIA’s financial outlook and expected tax rates for the first quarter of fiscal 2024; the benefits, impact, performance, and availability of our products and technologies, including the NVIDIA AI as a cloud service, GeForce RTX 40 Series, GeForce RTX 4070 Ti, DLSS 3, GeForce RTX 3090 Ti, NVIDIA Ada Lovelace, GeForce NOW Ultimate membership tier, GeForce RTX 4080, NVIDIA Reflex, NVIDIA Omniverse Enterprise, NVIDIA DRIVE Orin and DRIVE Hyperion, and NVIDIA Isaac Sim; and the benefits and impact of our collaborations with Deutsche Bank, Dell Technologies, Lockheed Martin, Microsoft, Mercedes-Benz and Foxconn are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to be materially different than expectations. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: global economic conditions; our reliance on third parties to manufacture, assemble, package and test our products; the impact of technological development and competition; development of new products and technologies or enhancements to our existing product and technologies; market acceptance of our products or our partners’ products; design, manufacturing or software defects; changes in consumer preferences or demands; changes in industry standards and interfaces; unexpected loss of performance of our products or technologies when integrated into systems; as well as other factors detailed from time to time in the most recent reports NVIDIA files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including, but not limited to, its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Copies of reports filed with the SEC are posted on the company’s website and are available from NVIDIA without charge. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as required by law, NVIDIA disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances.© 2023 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved. NVIDIA, the NVIDIA logo, GeForce, GeForce NOW, GeForce RTX, NVIDIA BioNeMo, NVIDIA DRIVE, NVIDIA DRIVE Hyperion, NVIDIA DRIVE Orin, NVIDIA Isaac Sim, NVIDIA NeMo and NVIDIA Omniverse are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Other company and product names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated. Features, pricing, availability, and specifications are subject to change without notice.2023 GlobeNewswire, Inc., source Press Releases