

DHAKA, Bangladesh, January 19, 2023 - Fiber@Home Limited, the largest nationwide transport (transmission) service provider in Bangladesh, has partnered with Cisco (NASDAQ: CSCO) to accelerate the conversion of their network to 400G, enabling them to seamlessly deploy an automated transport 5G-ready network across Bangladesh and support increased bandwidth demand from businesses of all sizes.
    

      Fiber@Home is using Cisco platforms for this expansion to enhance and optimize the overall customer experience, becoming the first customer in the country to adopt Cisco's Routed Optical Networking technology.
    

      As the world continues to evolve digitally, Fiber@Home is witnessing disruptive growth and adopting new technology to more efficiently build and cost-effectively manage critical IP networking infrastructure, as well as support future innovations, including the evolution of enterprise services, 5G, and IoT.
    

      Additionally, Fiber@Home aims to optimize its CapEx and OpEx by implementing new architectures on platforms ready for mass-scale networking and through automation. The company is focusing on deploying the Cisco® Network Services Orchestrator (NSO) software platform on its current network as a foundation for infrastructure programmability and automating operations and customer-facing services.
    

      "This new 400G wavelength network will offer a fourfold increase in maximum data transfer speed compared to 100G, enabling Fiber@Home to provide stable critical connectivity to our customers. The Cisco Routed Optical Networking solution streamlines and strengthens our network capacity, providing a superior customer experience while also optimizing Fiber@Home's capex and opex utilization," said Moynul Haque Siddiqui, Chairman, Fiber@Home.
    

      The upgrade to 400G will support the exponential demand for data in Bangladesh by both businesses and consumers, by converging Fiber@Home's IP and optical networks onto Cisco's unified platform.
    

      In addition to increasing data transfer speed with this collaboration, Fiber@Home will have the unique ability to enhance capacity while reducing footprint and power for a lower carbon impact. The network modelling of the solution shows up to 40-45% power reduction and real estate optimization. With IOS XR7 modularity, programmability minimizes human intervention during set-up and operation, thus reducing onsite operations. Fewer truck rolls, fewer maintenance windows, less packaging, and more recycling will help Fiber@Home's achieve their CO2 emission goals without compromising on technological innovation.
    

      "Visionary service providers like Fibre@Home recognize the value of a network that can be scaled in response to the dynamics needs of consumers and businesses. By converging their IP and optical networks, in addition to greater wavelength utilization, Fiber@Home will be able to optimize their power consumption, resulting in a much lower carbon impact, and streamline their hardware, leading to a reduction of 50% in operational costs. This partnership is a step towards bringing fast, reliable, and sustainable internet services to the people of Bangladesh," said, Anand Bhaskar, Managing Director, Service Provider Business, Cisco India & SAARC.
    

About Fiber@Home


      Imagine a regular day without cellphones, cable TV or internet? Not possible. Fiber@Home plays a major part in the communications sector in Bangladesh in providing better services, especially Telecommunications. We build, develop, operate and maintain a nationwide optical fiber-based transmission backbone to enable a common connectivity platform for different service providers like mobile operators, cable TV operators, ISPs, etc., thus helping to create a Digital Bangladesh. This common infrastructure will use national resources optimally in the growing need of Information & Communication Technology and Telecommunication sector.
    

      Fiber@Home has undertaken a project to cover Bangladesh by laying out optical fiber network with a view to facilitate the country's ever-expanding TELCO, ISP, PSTN, BWA (WiMax), and cable TV sector. Fiber@Home was duly awarded the NTTN (Nationwide Telecommunication Transmission Network) License from the BTRC on 7 January 2009. It is the first ever company to receive such a license in Bangladesh. For more information, go to https://www.fiberathome.net/ .
    

About Cisco


      Cisco (NASDAQ: CSCO) is the worldwide leader in technology that powers the Internet. Cisco inspires new possibilities by reimagining your applications, securing your data, transforming your infrastructure, and empowering your teams for a global and inclusive future. Discover more on The Network and follow us on Twitter at @Cisco.
    

      Cisco and the Cisco logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cisco and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and other countries. A listing of Cisco's trademarks can be found at www.cisco.com/go/trademarks.
    

      Supporting resources:
    

      For more information about Cisco Routed Optical Networking


      For more information about Cisco service provider news and activities, visit the SP360 blog or follow us on Twitter @CiscoSP360


      Follow us on our LinkedIn page for targeted updates and announcements
    

      Subscribe to Cisco's SP360 feed
    

      RSS feed for Cisco: http://newsroom.cisco.com/rss-feeds

Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
Cisco Systems Inc. published this content on 20 January 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 20 January 2023 16:30:06 UTC.
      

