
CoStar Group (NASDAQ: CSGP), a leading provider of online real estate marketplaces, information, and analytics in the property markets, released today its 2023 Environmental, Social, and Governance Report. The report highlights the company’s commitment to making business decisions that prioritize its people, communities, and shareholders through meaningful environmental, social and governance (ESG) practices.

“ESG continues to be a critical priority for CoStar Group,” said Andy Florance, Founder and Chief Executive Officer of CoStar Group. “In 2022, we calculated the company’s baseline greenhouse gas emissions for the first time and plan to complete the CDP Questionnaire for the first time this summer. This year’s ESG report has enhanced human capital disclosures showing excellent diversity, employee engagement and retention statistics. Over the past year, we have taken steps to diversify our hiring process even further by ensuring that more than 300 organizations that target underrepresented candidates have access to our job openings, and when using external search partners, we require the firms to present us with a slate of candidates that includes at least 50% from underrepresented groups. I am tremendously proud of what we have been able to accomplish in 2022 and look forward to even greater progress in the years to come.”

The full report lays out CoStar Group's values and achievements in areas including sustainability, diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI), community impact and volunteerism, corporate governance, and more. Collectively, it represents the company’s commitment to attaining greater environmental sustainability, transparency, and fairness in all aspects of its operations.

To learn more about CoStar Group’s commitment to positive ESG practices or to read the company’s 2023 report, visit investors.costargroup.com/ESG.

About CoStar Group, Inc.

CoStar Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: CSGP), a leading provider of online real estate marketplaces, information, and analytics in the property markets. Founded in 1987, CoStar conducts expansive, ongoing research to produce and maintain the largest and most comprehensive database of commercial real estate information. Our suite of online services enables clients to analyze, interpret and gain unmatched insight on commercial property values, market conditions and current availabilities. STR provides premium data benchmarking, analytics, and marketplace insights for the global hospitality industry. Ten-X provides a leading platform for conducting commercial real estate online auctions and negotiated bids. LoopNet is the most heavily trafficked commercial real estate marketplace online. Apartments.com, ApartmentFinder.com, ForRent.com, ApartmentHomeLiving.com, Westside Rentals, AFTER55.com, CorporateHousing.com, ForRentUniversity.com and Apartamentos.com form the premier online apartment resource for renters seeking great apartment homes and provide property managers and owners a proven platform for marketing their properties. Homesnap is an industry-leading online and mobile software platform that provides user-friendly applications to optimize residential real estate agent workflow and reinforce the agent-client relationship. Homes.com offers real estate professionals advertising and marketing services for residential properties. BureauxLocaux is one of the largest specialized property portals for buying and leasing commercial real estate in France. CoStar Group’s websites attract tens of millions of unique monthly visitors. Headquartered in Washington, DC, CoStar Group maintains offices throughout the U.S., Europe, Canada, and Asia. From time to time, we plan to utilize our corporate website, CoStarGroup.com, as a channel of distribution for material company information.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230221005393/en/