* Since the partnership launched in 2021, 45 students have been awarded scholarships and 94 additional students were able to graduate with the support of persistence fundingBALTIMORE -- BGE today announced the continuation of partnerships with Bowie State University, Coppin State University and Morgan State University to award scholarships to full-time STEM majors from Maryland. Each school will receive a total of $1 million in grant funding over four years (2023-2026) from the BGE Scholars program.The funding is intended to provide an annual commitment at each school of $10,000 scholarships to 15 students pursuing degrees in STEM disciplines (for a total of $150,000); $50,000 to fund persistence grants, available to any student at the university; and $50,000 to support student and faculty-led innovation and research projects. In addition to the grant funding, BGE is also committing to leading student enrichment and career development activities and events such as the Black Excellence in Energy speaker series, summer internship prioritization, mentors, and job shadowing opportunities."As partners in this effort since 2021, the HBCUs have been able to award scholarships to Maryland students to reduce their higher education debt, provide persistence grants to help students pay off unexpected expenses that impact degree completion and provide funding for faculty and student-led research opportunities," said BGE President and CEO Carim Khouzami. "These foundational investments have yielded very promising early-stage impacts and have generated momentum for a promising future together. So today, we are excited to reaffirm our commitment to the partnership with each institution.""This $3 million investment from BGE to students studying at Morgan State, Coppin State, and Bowie State is centered on a priority that is crucial to the long-term competitiveness of our state: and that's STEM education," said Maryland Governor Wes Moore. "These scholarships will help provide our students with some of the financial security they need to complete their degrees, and innovative research opportunities in the classroom that will set them up for success in their future careers. This effort pushes forward our administration's goal to build a more equitable state, where no one is left behind."Since the partnership was launched with BGE's initial commitment of $1,275,000, 45 students have been awarded scholarships and 94 additional students were able to graduate with the support of persistence funding. BGE and the universities will continue to build their partnerships beyond financial support to help advance diversity, equity and inclusion in Maryland."Bowie State University is proud to partner with BGE as they deepen their investment in local Historically Black Colleges and Universities," said Bowie State University President Dr. Aminta H. Breaux. "We are grateful for the support that allows us to continue in our years-long commitment to offering students transformational educational experiences.""Coppin State University and BGE represent two anchor institutions committed to transformational impact. BGE believes, as I do, that finances should not determine who is permitted access to opportunities and upward mobility," said Coppin State University President Anthony L. Jenkins, Ph.D. "We appreciate BGE's unwavering commitment to our scholars, and for partnering with the University System of Maryland's urban HBCU to foster new opportunities for economic mobility, community development, and community renewal in Baltimore and throughout Maryland.""BGE continues to demonstrate a true commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion through its investment in high research HBCUs, such as Morgan, and the STEM graduates we produce," said Dr. David K. Wilson, president of Morgan State University. "The partnership we share is a substantive one, one that has already begun to show tangible results as we further critical research and prepare our scholars to take on challenges beyond their graduation. We extend our gratitude to BGE for the expansion of their investment in our students, and we look forward to mutually benefiting from even greater returns."To be eligible for the scholarships, a student must be a Maryland resident, maintain a minimum 2.8 GPA, major in a STEM field, and demonstrate financial need.###About BGEBGE is Maryland's largest natural gas and electric utility, providing safe and reliable energy delivery to more than 1.3 million electric customers and 700,000 natural gas customers in central Maryland. The company was founded in 1816 as the nation's first gas utility and remains headquartered in Baltimore City to this day. BGE is a subsidiary of  Exelon Corporation (Nasdaq: EXC), the nation's leading energy utility company. Engage with the latest BGE stories on  bgenow.com and connect with BGE on  Facebook,  Twitter,  Instagram, and  YouTube..(C) 2023 M2 COMMUNICATIONS, source M2 PressWIRE