
Crash Bandicoot™ and his team are back in an all-new spin on Crash™ with a 4v4 team-based multiplayer unlike anything fans have seen before! In development by Toys For Bob™ and published by Activision Publishing, Inc. (NASDAQ: ATVI), Crash Team Rumble is expected to launch on June 20, 2023. Starting today, fans can pre-order Crash Team Rumble to receive access to the Closed Beta*, scheduled to take place April 20-24. This early preview allows fans to play the game ahead of launch, and provides Toys For Bob the opportunity to partner with the community to create the best game experience for launch.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230321005248/en/Crash Team Rumble Gameplay Screenshot (Graphic: Business Wire)
The Crash Team Rumble Closed Beta will feature five heroes and villains from the Crash universe and three unique arenas full of color, danger, and surprising strategic advantages, with the charm and personality that Toys for Bob is known for. Fans who jump into the Closed Beta can play as Crash Bandicoot, Coco, Tawna, Neo Cortex and Dingodile – and will be able to pair their hero with unique equipable powers and strategically use special moves and abilities to win. In the Closed Beta, squads can select from three colorful and varied maps – each varying in size, layout, challenges and Relic Stations that unlock unique powers to give teams the upper hand against their opponents.

“We’re incredibly excited for fans to get an early hands-on with Crash Team Rumble during April’s Closed Beta,” said Paul Yan, Co-Studio Head at Toys For Bob. “We truly value the community’s feedback and will use this input to fine tune the game for an amazing player experience on launch day. See you in the Closed Beta!”

In Crash Team Rumble, fans can play from a roster of friends and frenemies from the Crash universe, each of which fall into one of the three roles – Blocker, Booster, or Scorer. Teams strategically utilize the different roles to work together to be the first to bank the most Wumpa fruit in their drop-off zone, while simultaneously defending their opponent team’s drop zone. Unique Relic Powers bring an additional strategic element to the game, which squadmates can use to gain the upper hand when scoring, leading their team to victory. Crash Team Rumble features cross-platform play**, allowing players across multiple consoles to squad up and jump into the competition.

Crash Team Rumble will be released on PlayStation®5, PlayStation®4, Xbox® Series X/S and Xbox One® for $29.99 SRP for the Standard Edition, and $39.99 SRP for the Deluxe Edition. The Crash Team Rumble Standard Edition features the full game, additional post-launch seasonal content and limited time modes, access to the Closed Beta (for those who pre-order) and the Season 1 Premium Battle Pass. The Deluxe Edition features all the content from the Standard Edition, plus 25 Battle Pass Tiers Instantly Unlocked during Season 1, the Season 2 Premium Battle Pass, and the digital “Proto Pack,” which includes a host of customization options for each hero and villain at launch and other items. Both editions grant players access to exciting post-launch seasonal content.

For more information and to pre-order, head to the official Crash Bandicoot site, and be sure to follow @CrashBandicoot on Instagram, Twitter, Facebook and TikTok for more news and information about Crash Team Rumble. Check out the trailer here.

About Activision

Headquartered in Santa Monica, California, Activision is a leading global producer and publisher of interactive entertainment connecting hundreds of millions of players around the world through the joy, fun and thrill of competition enabled by epic entertainment. Activision maintains operations throughout the world and is a division of Activision Blizzard (NASDAQ: ATVI), an S&P 500 company. More information about Activision and its products can be found on the company’s website at www.activision.com or by following @Activision.

* Actual platform availability and beta date(s) subject to change. Beta downloaded separately. Play time subject to possible outages and time zone differences. See www.crashbandicoot.com for more details. Minimum beta duration is two days. Limited time only. Activision account and internet connection required. PlayStation® Plus or Xbox Live Gold subscription may be required.

**Cross-platform play available among PlayStation 5, PlayStation 4, Xbox Series X/S and Xbox One.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements: Information in this press release that involves Activision Publishing's expectations, plans, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including statements about the expected availability, features, functionality, gameplay and pricing for Crash Team Rumble and the Crash Team Rumble Closed Beta, are forward-looking statements that are not facts and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause Activision Publishing's actual future results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements set forth in this release include unanticipated product delays and other factors identified in the risk factors sections of Activision Blizzard's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and any subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. The forward-looking statements in this release are based upon information available to Activision Publishing and Activision Blizzard as of the date of this release, and neither Activision Publishing nor Activision Blizzard assumes any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements believed to be true when made may ultimately prove to be incorrect. These statements are not guarantees of the future performance of Activision Publishing or Activision Blizzard and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond its control and may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations.

© 2023 Activision Publishing Inc. ACTIVISION, CRASH, CRASH BANDICOOT, CRASH TEAM RUMBLE and TOYS FOR BOB are trademarks of Activision Publishing, Inc. All other trademarks and trade names are the property of their respective owners.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230321005248/en/