
Apple® today launched Shop with a Specialist over Video, a new live shopping experience on apple.com for customers in the U.S. Shop with a Specialist over Video connects customers looking to purchase iPhone® with a retail team member via a safe and secure, one-way video shopping session. With this new service, customers can browse the latest models, explore new features, and learn about Apple Trade In offers, carrier deals, switching to iOS, and various financing options.

“We’re constantly innovating to deliver an even more personalized experience for our customers, meeting them where they are to deliver the best of Apple,” said Karen Rasmussen, Apple’s head of Retail Online. “With Shop with a Specialist over Video, our team members are excited to connect with customers and provide exceptional service as they learn about which iPhone best suits them.”

Enhancing the Shopping Experience for Customers

Customers can visit apple.com/shop/buy-iphone, and in just a few clicks, instantly connect with an Apple Specialist for world-class service and expert advice on selecting the best iPhone model. Once connected, customers can compare features, colors, sizes, and find the best deal through the Apple Trade In program or their carrier.

Shop the Latest iPhone 14 Lineup with a Specialist over Video

The beautifully designed and durable iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus, available today in an all-new yellow, feature an impressive dual-camera system, the powerful A15 Bionic chip, and all-day battery life, with iPhone 14 Plus offering the longest battery life of any iPhone ever. Both models also offer groundbreaking safety capabilities such as Crash Detection and Emergency SOS via satellite,1 allowing users to get the help they need even when no cellular or Wi-Fi service is available. iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus are available in midnight, starlight, (PRODUCT)RED, blue, purple, and the new yellow for $799 and $899. Customers in the U.S. can get up to $600 in credit toward iPhone 14 when they trade in iPhone 11 or later2 from apple.com/store using Shop with a Specialist over Video, in the Apple Store® app, and at Apple Store locations.

Connecting with a Specialist

Shop with a Specialist over Video is available to customers in the U.S. from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. PT every day on apple.com/shop/buy-iphone. During the session, an Apple team member will be on camera sharing their screen, but they will not be able to see the customer. If customers find that a session is unavailable or access the page after-hours, they can contact a Specialist over the phone or via chat 24 hours a day.

The Best Place to Buy Apple

Apple makes it simple and easy for customers to explore the latest products and accessories, connect with expert team members, or learn new skills with programs like Today at Apple®. Whether in person, online, over video, or via personalized recommendations on the Apple Store app, Apple team members can help customers select the device and financing option that is right for them.

1 Emergency SOS via satellite and Find My® via satellite are currently available in Canada, France, Germany, Ireland, the U.K., and the U.S., and will be available in Austria, Belgium, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, and Portugal later this month. The service is included for free for two years starting at the time of activation of a new iPhone 14 model.

2 Trade-in values will vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of the eligible trade-in device. Not all devices are eligible for credit. Customers must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to trade a device in for credit or for an Apple Gift Card. Trade-in value may be applied toward a qualifying new device purchase or added to an Apple Gift Card. The actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when the estimate was made. Sales tax may be assessed on the full value of a new device purchase. In-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid photo ID (local law may require saving this information). The offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in-store and online trade-in. Some stores may have additional requirements. Apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit the quantity of any trade-in transaction for any reason. More details are available from Apple’s trade-in partner for trade-in and recycling of eligible devices. Restrictions and limitations may apply.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch, and Apple TV. Apple’s five software platforms — iOS, iPadOS, macOS, watchOS, and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay, and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.

NOTE TO EDITORS: For additional information visit Apple Newsroom (www.apple.com/newsroom), or email Apple’s Media Helpline at media.help@apple.com.

© 2023 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone, Apple Store, Today at Apple, and Find My are trademarks of Apple. Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230314005579/en/