


        Gilead in 2023 and Beyond
      

        J . P. M o r g a n H e a l t h c a r e C o n f e r e n c e 9 J a n u a r y 2 0 2 3
      




          Forward-Looking Statements
        

          Statements included in this presentation that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Gilead cautions readers that forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks and uncertainties include those relating to: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Gilead's business, financial condition and results of operations; the development, manufacturing and distribution of Veklury as a treatment for COVID-19, including the uncertainty of the amount and timing of future Veklury sales, and Gilead's ability to effectively manage the global supply and distribution of Veklury; Gilead's ability to achieve its anticipated full year 2022 financial results, including as a result of potential adverse revenue impacts from COVID-19 and potential revenues from Veklury; Gilead's ability to make progress on any of its long-term ambitions or strategic priorities laid out in its corporate strategy; Gilead's ability to accelerate or sustain revenues for its virology, oncology and other programs; Gilead's ability to realize the potential benefits of acquisitions, collaborations or licensing arrangements; Gilead's ability to initiate, progress or complete clinical trials within currently anticipated timeframes or at all, the possibility of unfavorable results from ongoing and additional clinical trials and the risk that safety and efficacy data from clinical trials may not warrant further development of Gilead's product candidates or the product candidates of Gilead's strategic partners; Gilead's ability to submit new drug applications for new product candidates or expanded indications in the currently anticipated timelines; Gilead's ability to receive regulatory approvals in a timely manner or at all, and the risk that any such approvals may be subject to significant limitations on use; Gilead's ability to successfully commercialize its products; the risk of potential disruptions to the manufacturing and supply chain of Gilead's products, including the risk that Kite may be unable to increase its manufacturing capacity, timely manufacture and deliver its products or produce an amount of supply sufficient to satisfy demand for such products; pricing and reimbursement pressures from government agencies and other third parties, including required rebates and other discounts; a larger than anticipated shift in payer mix to more highly discounted payer segments; market share and price erosion caused by the introduction of generic versions of Gilead products; the risk that physicians and patients may not see advantages of these products over other therapies and may therefore be reluctant to prescribe the products; and other risks identified from time to time in Gilead's reports filed with the SEC, including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. In addition, Gilead makes estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures. Gilead bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other market specific and other relevant assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. There may be other factors of which Gilead is not currently aware that may affect matters discussed in the forward-looking statements and may also cause actual results to differ significantly from these estimates. Gilead directs readers to its press releases, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other subsequent disclosure documents filed with the SEC. Gilead claims the protection of the Safe Harbor contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for forward-looking statements.
        

          The reader is cautioned that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and is cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to Gilead and Gilead assumes no obligation to update or supplement any such forward-looking statements other than as required by law. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof or as of the dates indicated in the statements.
        

          Gilead owns or has rights to various trademarks, copyrights and trade names used in its business, including the following: GILEAD®, GILEAD SCIENCES®, AMBISOME®, ATRIPLA®, BIKTARVY®, CAYSTON®, COMPLERA®, DESCOVY®, DESCOVY FOR PREP®, EMTRIVA®, EPCLUSA®, EVIPLERA®, GENVOYA®, HARVONI®, HEPCLUDEX®, HEPSERA®, JYSELECA®, LETAIRIS®, ODEFSEY®, RANEXA®, SOVALDI®, STRIBILD®, SUNLENCA®,TECARTUS®, TRODELVY®, TRUVADA®, TRUVADA FOR PREP®, TYBOST®, VEKLURY®, VEMLIDY®, VIREAD®, VOSEVI®, YESCARTA® and ZYDELIG®. This report may also refer to trademarks, service marks and trade names of other companies.
        



          2
        






            Gilead in 2023
          

            Transformation
          

            Impact is Tangible
          

            Portfolio with quality,
          

            depth and breadth, strong
          

            financial performance,
          

            and consistent execution.
          



            HIV Portfolio Positioned for Continued Growth
          

            Leading HIV portfolio and poised to shape long-acting market following first lenacapavir approvals.
          



            Fast-Growing
          

            Oncology Business
          

            Strong commercial
          

            performance and clinical
          

            momentum, including recent positive data.
          




          3
        





          Strong Progress in First Years of Transformation





                Pipeline Bolstered with
              



                81% Increase in
              



                6 New Products with 9
              





                M&A and Partnerships1




                Pipeline Portfolio
              



                Approved Indications,
              









                including 6 in Oncology2








            Oncology
          

            Virology
          

            Inflammation
          

            32
          

            12
          

            12
          

            8
          



            58
          

            36
          

            17
          

            5
          




          Q119Q422


          Illustration does not include opt-in assets
        

          Four-year comparison reflects the time period January 2019 - December 2022 (except as otherwise noted). Projects are by asset-indication, excluding components of combo projects (HBV Cure, HIV Cure, lenacapavir projects)
        

4 1. Collaboration with Arcellx has been announced but not yet closed. Closing of transaction subject to regulatory clearances and other conditions. Agreement to acquire Tmunity has been announced but not yet closed. Closing of transaction subject to regulatory clearances and other conditions. 2.Approved indications reflects first approval in a major market or new indications, does not include line extensions (e.g., expanded pediatric label). Count includes conditional approval of Hepcludex (bulevirtide) by the European Medicines Agency in July 2020. Gilead acquired MYR / Hepcludex in December 2020.
        





Accelerating Progresswith Strategic Priorities
        

          Corporate Ambitions
        




Bring 10+ Transformative
              



Be the Biotech employer
              



Deliver Shareholder Value in a






Therapies to Patients by 2030
              



                and partner of choice




                Sustainable, Responsible Manner
              




          Key Strategic Priorities for 2023+
        




            Maximize Near-
          

            Term Revenue
          

            Growth
          



            Maximize Impact of
          

            Long-Acting HIV
          

            Therapies
          



            Expand and Deliver
          

            on Oncology
          

            Programs
          




          5
        

This is an excerpt of the original content. To continue reading it, access the original document here.
Attachments


            Original Link
          

            Original Document
          

            Permalink
          



Disclaimer
Gilead Sciences Inc. published this content on 09 January 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 21 January 2023 02:50:01 UTC.
      

